Saddam Hussein : I challenge you to announce your location in Iraq if you can .
If the Iraqi resistance found out your whereabouts you would not be able to get out alive .
I want to give a word of advice to your " dumb " president , you must pass it on to him , and it is that he should save what is left of his soldiers .
Death surrounds them everywhere and history will not be merciful to him .
Rumsfeld : I came to talk with you about the terrorist operations which your men are instigating and carrying out .
Your men have recently carried out an ignoble operation aimed at the Abu Ghraib prison where they injured and killed more than fifty Americans and also killed a number of prisoners imprisoned under various charges .
Your men are employing terrorists from all parts of the world and they are threatening the democratic process in Iraq .
Saddam Hussein : What is it you want exactly ?
Rumsfeld : I am making you one offer , that you are released and choose for yourself a place of exile in any country you wish on the condition that you appear on television to announce your condemnation of the terrorism and to ask your men to stop these practices .
Saddam Hussein : Have you obtained the consent of your president to this offer ?
Rumsfeld : Yes , this offer was agreed to at a session in which the President , his deputy , the Secretary of State and the head of the CIA took part and I was commissioned to inform you of this offer .
Saddam Hussein : It is a very low price .
Rumsfeld -LRB- excited -RRB- : We are prepared to include elements close to you in power .
Saddam Hussein : And what else ?
Rumsfeld : We will offer you considerable financial assistance and will look after your and your family 's security in the country you choose .
Saddam Hussein : Do you want to hear my conditions ?
Rumsfeld : Yes , that would be nice .
Saddam Hussein -LRB- in language beaming with pride and arrogance -RRB- I want you first of all .. to set me a timetable for the withdrawal from Iraq that your government will commit itself to it in front of the world , and for you to begin the withdrawal operation immediately .
I ask , secondly , .. for the immediate release of all the Iraqi and Arab detainees in the prisons you have set up or in those where you have shackled the freedom of tens of thousands of honorable Iraqis .
Thirdly , I ask you .. for the undertaking that full compensation will be offered for the material losses which the Iraqi people have suffered through your aggression on our country since the Mother of All Battles in 1991 until this present day .
I will accept the assistance of an international and Arab committee in estimating these losses .
Fourthly , I ask that you produce the money which your men looted from the treasuries of Iraq and its oil especially this criminal Bremmer and his henchmen from the traitors and renegades .
And , fifthly , I ask for .. the return of the antiquities which you have stolen and handed over to the antiquities mafia , for these are priceless treasures because they bear the history of Iraq and its civilization .
Your country is no older than a few hundred years .
True , you do not have neither a civilization nor history , but all that can not excuse your thefts and your hatred of Iraq 's civilization and Iraq 's riches .
Sixthly , I ask that you hand me the weapons of mass destruction if you have found them , bring back to life all the martyrs you have killed , and return the integrity of the glorious Iraqi women which you have robbed .
Rumsfeld : Is this some kind of joke ?
Saddam Hussein : No , this is just the bitter truth , which you know very well .
Mr Rumsfeld , you have committed the greatest crime in history against a peaceful Arab state .. we met each other in the eighties .
Do you remember your offers ?
Rumsfeld : Let us forget the past , we are in the process of re-evaluating our position on you and on the many forces which displayed hostility to us in the past .
We have decided to hold a dialogue with the moderate Islamists .
We have no objection to their arrival in power via the ballot box .
But more importantly , we have decided to open channels of dialogue with " terrorist " organizations such as Hamas and Jihad and Hezbollah who are loyal to Iran , and other fundamentalist organizations in the whole world .
And we even have a project to get in touch with the Taliban movement in Afghanistan to discuss its participation in power in return for disarming .
Saddam Hussein : Then you have begun to re-think your mistaken methodology .
Rumsfeld : It is a natural development of things , we are trying to spread democracy to all countries and all autocratic movements .
Saddam Hussein : You would be successful if you would tell the truth .
I know the reality of your goals .
If you were really sincere you would begin straightaway , you and your allies , to withdraw from Iraq , and you also have to back down from your position of supporting Israel .
I know that your president is stubborn and obstinate and not sincere .
Rumsfeld : He is a democratically elected president and not a bloodthirsty ruler like you .
Saddam Hussein : Terrorism is your trade and deceit your method .
Rumsfeld : This proposal is an historic chance for you .
We will release you and will consult with you in everything concerning governance issues in Iraq .
If you reject this offer then the opportunity will not be repeated .
