.
Eliminate the personal income tax -LRB- Reproduced from Yueguang blog -RRB- .
Dift Wu
Official data confirm that in 2004 the total personal income tax for the country amounted to approximately 181 billion , of which 65 % came from the working class , and only 10 % came from the wealthy .
Clearly the personal income tax policy has too little effect on controlling wealth accumulation by the rich , and too little impact on improving the quality of life of wage earners .
While this type of tax in China has no effect on regulating the income gap or on " taking from the rich to help the poor , " neither is it beneficial in expanding the working class .
If this tax continues to be collected , it will be working against the original intention behind the income tax .
Clearly the necessity for the personal income tax needs to be challenged .
I propose eliminating the personal income tax just as the agricultural tax was eliminated , to give people an opportunity to prosper .
If we think in terms of humanizing the system , i.e. , helping the poor by letting poor people get rich , we should give low - and moderate - income people a chance to improve and raise the quality of their lives ; the threshold for China 's personal income tax should be at least tripled from the starting threshold of 800 yuan per month , i.e. , to 6400 yuan per person .
That would take it to a minimally humanized level , and then we could really talk about " people first . "
With a threshold below this level , the poor will always be poor .
Yesterday CCTV presented a program on adjustment of the personal income tax , emphasized that the main goal of the adjustment was to " take from the rich " and let poor people get wealthy .
If we really want to give poor people a chance to get wealthy , the threshold for the personal income tax should be tripled .
With anything under this threshold , the poor will have no chance to get rich .
And if we 're looking at it in terms of " taking from the rich , " the problem to be adjusted is definitely not whether or not to tax income but rather the problem of the actual method for distributing China 's social national income , namely how to eliminate the " unreported income . "
The income of the vast majority of China 's rich people is unreported income , and unreported income is a problem that Chinese society will not be able to solve for quite a long time to come ; it is a characteristic of China , an uncontrollable black hole in China 's social oversight .
This is far from being a tax problem ; it is a deeper systemic problem .
If China 's personal income tax can not achieve the effect of helping the poor to become rich , neither can it control the excessive incomes of the wealthy , so what is it we expect this personal income tax to do ?
It would be better to eliminate it in one fell swoop , as we did with the agricultural tax .
Below are some of the main reasons :
1. China 's income tax can not become a tool for keeping the poor perpetually poor ; it can not become a social tool that keeps on producing a penniless proletariat .
In China the primary function of the income tax is to increase the state 's financial revenues ; it is not to regulate the income gap .
In 2004 China 's income taxes amounted to approximately 180 billion , accounting for about 6 % of the state 's financial revenues .
But of this 180 billion , about 65 % , or 117 billion , was paid by the working class .
Less than 10 % was paid by the wealthy .
In China more than 90 % of the people who depend on fully declared total earnings for a living are urban poor .
These poor people , who struggle just to pay for the necessities of life , their children 's education , old age , illness and death , also have to pay income tax .
In all of China 's cities now , anyone with a monthly income of 2000 yuan or less is considered poor .
If a husband and wife have a total monthly work income of 2000 yuan , and if they pay 33 % income tax on anything over 1500 yuan , they have a disposable income of only 1670 yuan .
A household like this can not even continue bearing basic living expenses , and their standard of living will decline .
And should anyone in the household get sick and have to go to the hospital , the family may well find itself in an economic crisis .
And if a family like this wants to buy its own home , that will basically be impossible .
And if only one person in a three - person family is employed , the family will have a very difficult life .
But even so , they have to pay 165 yuan in income tax .
Clearly , if our income tax threshold is set at 1500 yuan , our society is destined always to produce a proletariat , always to deny hope to the poor or to the masses of ever getting rich .
Our production relations are no different from the production relations in Marx 's " Das Kapital , " constantly reproducing a proletariat who can only rely on selling its labor to make a living .
In short , if the personal income tax threshold is set lower than 6400 yuan , it will be ineffective in helping the poor get rich .
Conversely , if the threshold is too low , it will cleanly and quickly inhibit the ability of poor people to get rich .
