Um , well , based on your understanding of the situation , and from an international perspective , what are some better ways of urban management that are worthwhile for us to learn ?
I think , in comparison to China , we should say that urbanization in foreign countries developed earlier and is more widespread .
Their level of development is more advanced than ours .
Although the scale of our urbanization is currently expanding at a rate of 1 % per year , I think , with our economic development being relatively backward , we actually still have many aspects of urban management to learn from foreign countries .
For instance , many of the pipes involved in this incident were basic infrastructure , public utilities industries .
With a background of liberalization , marketization , and privatization , how can the government strengthen supervision of public utilities industries ?
How can a safe , assured system be established ?
Well , we need to learn and manage this .
Uh-huh .
For instance , regarding information disclosure , well , our speed of information disclosure this time was very fast .
However , we still have a lot of work to do in making the information disclosure , er , system more standardized , that is , to really implement a system of levels of responsibility .
Well , we also need to explore how cooperation mechanisms between departments execute cooperation under normal situations and , well , how departments should cooperate with one another under these kinds of public emergency circumstances .
Well , for some of our emergency contingency plans , well , ah , how will these emergency contingency plans withstand these tests ?
We know that currently , many ministries and commissions , as well as people 's governments at the provincial level , along with those at municipal and district levels , have set up emergency contingency plans for public emergencies , but many of them have not been put to the test .
Well , how will they undergo testing ?
These also include some of our command and policy - making systems .
So , with the growth of urbanization and with more and more of such complicated issues , ah , I think there will be increasingly high requirements on the systems .
That is , development of future systems is one of the top current priorities .
How can we institutionalize our response mechanisms and make them into a system so as to ensure the lifestyle of people who live in such a large - scale city ?
The State Council has proposed a public emergency contingency plan , called One Plan , Three Systems .
Uh-huh .
" One plan " refers to the contingency plan , and " three systems " refers to systems of organizations , mechanisms , and laws .
So , I think we still have a lot of work to do in these three areas of organizations , mechanisms , and laws .
