So , how exactly did citizens react ?
Let 's take a look at the reactions of citizens .
-- an SMS .
I saw it was that Jingguang Bridge .
Hey , I say , this is quite good , quite good .
Have you received information like this before ?
No , no .
This was the first time .
The first time ?
Yes , yes .
Well , what do you think of the speed at which the government responded this time ?
Quite fast .
Really quite fast , ah .
So , I did not drive today .
I set out a bit earlier and took the subway here .
Do you think that the response of the government was fast this time ?
Ah , the response was quite fast .
In addition , various media announcements were also quite prompt .
Colleagues and friends also informed one another by phone calls and SMS .
I think this plan was quite speedy .
It seems that through this kind of SMS , citizens responded very well and the effect was excellent , ha .
Well , apart from the , ah , point on information disclosure brought out by this accident , the fact is that the activation of emergency contingency plans by the , ah , government has also left people with a very deep impression .
Let 's find out the situation at that time through some footage .
Well , we know that after the road cave - in accident , ah , ah , traffic police and emergency rescue personnel rushed to the scene , ah , to direct traffic and carry out emergency repair of sewage pipes .
Well , lots of barricade tape has been strung up on the side road in the north - south direction of the accident scene beneath the Jingguang Bridge at East Third Ring Road .
All personnel responsible for the emergency repair of underground sewage pipes , ah , have arrived at their designated locations .
See , through this footage , we see , ah , this --
Uh-huh .
Okay , ah , , this emergency repair worker said that he was there at 4 o'clock .
That means that they arrived at the scene right after the pre-dawn accident occurred .
Well , it can be said that the traffic administration department was activated very quickly after receiving the news .
