Yes .
Well , finally , let 's turn our attention to handling of the situation , ah , during the latter stages of the cave - in accident in Beijing .
Traffic , ah , can be said to have been directed , and is basically under control now .
Well , following this , repairs have to be made on this road section where the accident occurred , including for many pipes .
Well , Yang Yang , based on your understanding , how long will it take ?
I think that the time really depends on how the overall repair goes .
This is because exploration , assessment , and repair are carried out in succession .
Therefore , regarding this work progress , to repair this road section in the shortest time , um , this will depend on the work progress .
Uh-huh .
This is because repair is probably not a matter of repairing the road surface alone .
There is also an issue with many of the pipes below .
Yes , the pipes below .
Right , as it is winter , we know that carrying out construction during winter , especially that which requires pouring concrete and then --
Moreover , it is especially difficult for concrete to set during winter .
Yes , preparation mix for making it dry faster , has already been added .
But in the end , it requires time .
Hence , it depends very much on factors like temperature .
Just now , you mentioned that there are many pipes , ah , for instance , there is a key heating pipeline .
The first thing is to ensure that it is connected in time .
Yes .
In addition , waste discharge is also very important .
Waste discharged has currently blocked this up .
Um , and , for instance , optical fibers , ah .
Er , right now , if the optical fibers break , people in many households will not be able to watch television .
Yes .
At present , we should not have a problem with watching television .
They are not broken .
It is just that , as the other pipes have to be repaired , the optical fibers have to be rearranged , to be hung up it seems .
After that , or it seems that a few steel pipes have been added below to make it safer to walk across this section .
Furthermore , let 's take water pipes as an example .
Because they were exposed , The water pipes were not --
after that , yes , these were not damaged .
they were not damaged and this is quite normal .
Um , there is no problem with water supply .
Okay , well , today both of you have come to the studio and given us a lot of specific details concerning this road cave - in accident in Beijing Municipality .
At the same time , you have also analyzed , from a system perspective , how the government has reinforced emergency contingency plans to handle such public emergency cases .
Okay , thank you very much , Professor Zhou and Yang Yang , for coming to the studio to participate in our program .
Thank you , both of you .
Okay , dear viewers , that is all for today 's edition of Focus Today .
Thank you for watching .
See you at the same time tomorrow .
