Ah , apart from this , Professor Zhou , what do you think are the areas for improvement for a city , especially a booming city , when handling this kind of public emergency ?
Right , I think this gave us many revelations , ah .
First , I think one that should be especially important is early warnings and forecasts .
This is because currently , there are , ah , frequently various kinds of risks lurking in cities , ah .
Early warnings and forecasts .
Yes , this kind of early warning and forecast mechanism .
Uh-huh .
It is not only for , this kind of sudden road cave - in , it also includes , for instance , security incidents , ah , in our society , as well as natural disasters , ah , and including public health incidents .
Uh-huh .
That is , this kind of scientific early warning and forecast mechanism must be set up .
Uh-huh .
In this way , you can manage and resolve an abnormal situation by turning it into a normal situation , without evolving into a sudden public emergency .
Uh-huh .
Another thing I want to say is that besides , ah , emergency response and speedy integration mechanisms , I think some corresponding improvements should be made to the release of information , incident investigation , ah , and the relevant post-incident , responsibility system .
In fact , , that is , we should say that the government already has quite a number of relevant systems in this respect .
For instance , we have an administrative investigation system for incidents of major responsibility .
We have regulations on investigation procedures for very major incidents , as well as others such as emergency response methods for handling public health incidents and public health emergencies , among others .
That is to say , we have many corresponding systems .
However , the question is how city management , er , handles these various kinds of perhaps unpredictable cases .
Since we are entering new circumstances of human living , circumstances that contain high risk and have an increasingly developed urbanized life , well , I think corresponding improvements should be made to the formation of a series of systems that includes scientific planning , early warning and forecast , emergency response , accident investigation , and accountability .
