Hello , dear viewers .
Welcome to Focus Today .
Today , let 's turn our attention to a road cave - in accident that happened in Beijing over the holiday .
Before dawn on January 3 , a sewage pipe leakage accident occurred at the main and side roads of Jingguang Bridge , East Third Ring Road , Beijing Municipality , resulting in the road caving in .
Relevant departments from Beijing Municipality promptly activated emergency contingency plans .
The traffic administration department carried out traffic supervision near the accident scene .
Well , how did the emergency response mechanisms activated by governmental departments operate effectively during the holiday ?
After the holiday , what will be done to handle citizens ' peak commute ?
In addition , what measures did relevant departments take to resolve issues such as waste discharge , heating , and communication , in order to ensure that the lives of citizens were not affected ?
Well , we have invited two honorable guests to the studio today to follow this topic with us .
One of the two honorable guests in the studio is Professor Zhou Hanhua from the Institute of Law of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences .
Hello .
Next is Yang Yang , a host of Beijing Traffic Radio Station .
Hello .
Welcome both of you to the studio to participate in our program .
Well , I especially want to know , ha , how the two of you found out the news on the day of the accident ?
Ah , , about 11:00 m. yesterday , ah , I happened to find out through an SMS when I was outside .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
It happened that I was going to have lunch with a friend , um , at noon .
And then , the friend first sent me an SMS , Uh-huh . saying he would come pick me up to go together .
After that , I received an SMS from 1860 .
Uh-huh , it was through an SMS .
And you , Yang Yang ?
A friend happened to call me .
You were not at work that day ?
No .
The station called me at noon and said something happened at Jingguang Bridge and that I had to go to the station immediately to research the upcoming program .
Uh-huh , that means , er , you found out the accident through an information source at the station .
Right , right , right .
Uh-huh .
Well , like Professor Zhou , I also received this news , ha , through a mobile phone SMS .
At that time , , it can be said that this SMS was among the many , ha , SMS containing New Year wishes , like Happy New Year , received after the start of the New Year .
Uh-huh .
Ah , actually I felt a lot of warmth when I received that SMS .
Although we live in the west instead of the east and it did not affect us much , I think it is very useful , ah , to inform people of this kind of news .
Yes , exceptionally .
Yes , exceptionally .
