Hello .
Let 's turn our attention to the weather .
Today , we can use two words to summarize the weather in our country .
First , there will be a temperature drop over a large area , and next , there will be rainfall and snowfall in an extensive area as well .
We see that except for some areas of South China , Southwest China , and Northeast China , many other places will be experiencing temperature drops .
In addition , there will be snowfall in the area from Northwest China to the Huang - Huai area through southern North China .
The east of Southwest China , as well as the Jiang - Huai area and the area south of the Yangtze River , will experience continuous rainfall .
However , southern North China and the Huang - Huai area will bid farewell to the snow tonight , ah .
Tomorrow during the day , snowfall in the Jiang - Huai area will stop , and there will also be less snow in Northwest China .
In addition , there will be rain throughout almost the whole of South China .
It can be said that there will be less snow in the north and heavier rain in the south tomorrow .
Furthermore , temperatures tomorrow in many places south of the Huai River will fall by between four and ten degrees .
Okay , let 's check out the city weather forecasts .
Beijing , overcast changing to sunny , 9 degrees below zero to 2 degrees below zero .
Harbin , sunny , 26 degrees below zero to 16 degrees below zero .
Shijiazhuang , overcast changing to mostly cloudy , 9 degrees below zero to 1 degree below zero .
Jinan , overcast changing to mostly cloudy , 9 degrees below zero to 1 degree below zero .
Nanjing , sleet changing to overcast , 3 degrees below zero to 3 degrees .
Hangzhou , sleet changing to overcast , to 4 degrees .
Fuzhou , light rain , 11 to 18 degrees .
Taipei , cloudy changing to showers , 13 to 19 degrees .
Dalian , sunny , 11 degrees below zero to 5 degrees below zero .
Wuxi , sleet changing to cloudy , 1 degree below zero to 3 degrees .
Changzhou , moderate snow to light snow , 3 degrees below zero to 3 degrees .
Bangkok , cloudy , 26 to 35 degrees .
New Dehli , sunny , 6 to 19 degrees .
Seoul , overcast changing to mostly cloudy , 8 degrees below zero to 3 degrees below zero .
Tokyo , overcast , 1 to 6 degrees .
London , overcast changing to light rain , 2 to 6 degrees .
Moscow , cloudy , 18 degrees below zero to 13 degrees below zero .
Paris , overcast , 1 to 4 degrees .
Vienna , moderate snow , 1 degree below zero to 1 degree .
New York , light rain , 1 to 3 degrees .
Seattle , light rain , 4 to 7 degrees .
Washington , cloudy , 2 to 6 degrees .
