I mean that 's the military .
I have my discharge papers and everything
uh-huh .
and I 've said that yeah I will give a urine sample or a blood sample if they call me back for those , but they 're going to have to pay my trip back to the states . because there 's no bases in Holland and I 'm not going to pay out of my own expenses to go to Germany or something for them .
If they want me they can pay ,
bring me back active duty and pay me for the day if they 're going to drag me off somewhere .
But %uh , first they have to find me .
yeah , that 's the other
it was i- ,
if you 're in another country I mean and you 're not planning on coming back to the U S what are they going to do even if you do n't .
yeah .
Well I mean I 'm still American citizen
and I still would like to be welcome in my own country .
Although g-
%uh I mean if they denied my citizenship and I became a citizen here I probably would n't be a horror either ,
but %uh yeah
right now I mean I do want to keep my American citizenship
so .
I kind of want to
Are you going to become a dual citizen ?
What 's that ?
Are you going to try and become a dual citizen ?
Have dual citizenship ?
You ca n't do that ,
%um , the only way to be a dual citizen is if you 're born in a foreign country
like if I were born in Holland and then had American parents . Then I could be a dual citizen .
But you ca n't
If I would to ask to become a citizen in Holland I would automatically lose my American citizenship .
As far as the Americans are concerned , yeah .
yeah .
The Dutch could care less .
The Dutch would say fine
want to be a dual citizen ,
that 's fine ,
but the Americans as soon as you ask for another citizenship that act of asking for it takes away your American citizenship .
I mean it 's kind of stupid .
yeah .
So I 'm an expatriot .
An American expatriot .
An American living abroad .
I still have to file a tax return .
Do you ?
yeah .
But my first seventy five thousand dollars worth of income is tax free .
Good grief .
As long as I do n't bring it back to the states .
Good grief .
I R S for you , %huh ?
yeah .
oh they want their share .
They want their piece of meat .
But all foreign taxes are deductible ,
and my taxes here are fifty percent of income .
So the taxes here are so much higher that , yeah I would never have to worry about it .
Unless you became C E O of the company then maybe like a thousand dollars would be taxable , right ?
yeah .
Somehow it raises a small amount .
