the problem 's going to %uh be Anya 's American salary is taxable here and at fifty percent
so we 're going to owe some money to the Dutch government on her salary .
aw .
Some amount that has to be deducted a certain amount
and the amount we pay the American government is deductible ,
but we 'll still owe some taxes .
Th- ,
see I do n't know how it works .
we 're going to be in need of some sort of accountant do it cause I have no clue how that all works .
They do n't have the Quicken Dutch version ?
yeah .
%ah , you know I would n't trust it because it 's so complicated with this international garbage or else the Turbo Tax with the Dutch modules . that I just would n't trust it .
I do n't know , %eh .
yeah .
So complicated when you 're dealing with a Dutch tax form .
Anya had to read it
and Anya and her father did n't understand the damn thing .
How am I supposed to understand it ?
I 'm really looking forward to moving to Oregon and dealing with ,
Oregon you pay state tax
Washington you do n't .
I 'm looking forward to that cause %uh
yeah
but You 'll be a student
so you ,
I mean you 're
what is your income ?
oh , well
See I think y- , %um ,
it 'll probably be about five thousand dollars the portion of this year that I 'm in Oregon
and then next year it 'll be eleven thousand .
yeah .
But I mean you 're below the poverty line at that level .
yeah .
So I mean any income that y-
Well
But then I 've already made say like fifteen thousand or whatever here in Washington
but
That should be non taxable out of state income .
It should
but you know it 's not going to be a fun tax return year .
I had that when I went into the military .
But then again .
I had Kans- ,
I had to file three taxes .
I had to file Georgia , Kansas yeah and then my federal .
So .
Well , %um actually I think this phone call 's just about to end cause it 's only half an hour ,
but %um
So let 's see .
I 'll give you a call when we arrive in h- ,
or maybe I 'll just call you when we get in Holland just to let you know we 're there ,
so if we get in the eighteenth or the nineteenth and then call you back %um when we get to a hotel or something like that .
okay that 's a great idea .
as soon as you get into Holland and get yourself settled you can call me
and %uh if it 's at night , just call Anya 's parents
okay so
and remember that if you dial in Holland you need to add a zero
so like right now okay it 's one eight one zero area code .
If you dial in Holland , it 's zero one eight one zero . okay in Holland
and then yeah you can just call up
if it 's during the work hours , fine , call me at work .
If not , call Anya 's parents if you do n't have a new phone number for me .
And if you do , I 'll send it by email okay if I get it before this weekend
we 'll email you something
but if you do n't get email then just call Anya 's parents
If we have a phone by then , they 'll be able to give you the number
okay
and just remember to ask for her mother .
and it 's Goode , right
Bode
Bode
Bode as in abode
abode
minus the A
okay
great
and
yeah
and I think %uh %uh it 's not Frau
%uh %ah %uh It 's Mifrau
is
it 's Frau in German
it 's Frau
mhm
and then Dutch it 's Mifrau
I 'll probably never remember that
so hope they wo n't be offended .
nah do n't worry about it .
You can just call her Missus
you can just call her Missus and speak English to her .
she understands
just talk slowly and clearly .
okay
and once you 're in Holland the line will be really clear .
I mean the phones here are pretty good . once you 're in the country .
It 's just these to America
it 's always kind of iffy
