5. Change your perspective
In middle age , one 's life is already half over , and one has already amply tasted of life 's fruits , both the bitter and the sweet .
" I am thankful for the bad times , for they have given me more insight into life and a better opportunity to understand myself , " says Lin Hung - kuei , an I - kuan Tao devotee , who has studied the Book of Changes and fengshui .
Taking care of your parents , losing your job , illness and even being cheated out of money can be embraced as opportunities to experience life .
They are lessons that the middle - aged learn from to become more proficient at the art of living .
" By changing perspective , you can understand the insignificance of your problems , " points out Chiu Chia - li .
It is very important to adjust your frame of mind .
You should n't think that there is only one way that you can be .
As long as you can accept yourself , then everything is all right .
As for losing your job in middle age , some people make NT$ 100,000 and it 's not enough .
Other's find that NT$ 20,000 is more than enough to support the family .
The problem is that by insisting on making NT$ 100,000 a month , you may pass by a suitable job that pays NT$ 20,000 .
Chang also notes that when people come to forks in the road when they reach middle age , they may look around in all directions and feel at a loss , but they 've got to encourage themselves to keep pressing ahead .
" Even if you feel uncertain , it should be a positive feeling of uncertainty . "
At the very least , you 've got to work hard at establishing a sense of direction .
When Li Liang - che starts feeling sorry for himself , he uses the age - old method of considering those who are even worse off .
Those people who are always complaining about their lot in life should take a walk around a cancer ward , " Li says .
Then they 'll realize how lucky they are . "
Chiu Chia - li , on the other hand , encourages the middle - aged not to close themselves off .
They must get out and make friends , so as to get things off their chests and find support from each other .
This makes it easier to get through the bad times .
Finally , there is something that may seem a little cliched but is often very useful - namely the realization that things will get better , that tomorrow is another day .
" Whether you are depressed or going berserk , it 's important to remember that hormones are raging inside the bodies of the middle - aged , " says Chang .
Much like rebellious adolescents , they may merely need to pass through into another stage for the sky to become blue again .
Do n't give up hope too early , and do n't be afraid of asking for assistance .
When you feel at a loss emotionally , the experts will be able to help .
