3. Turn the focus from outside to inside
Life is a process that moves from the " outward " to the " inward , " says Alice Lu , director of the International Family Life Education Center , getting to the heart of the matter .
Lu explains that as children people yearn for the affection of their parents ; as adolescents they want the affirmation of their peers ; and as adults , they set their sights on educational qualifications , finding a good job , making money , marrying a good spouse and so forth .
Everyone puts the emphasis on outward manifestations of success , and this emphasis on the glitter of outward achievement continues up to middle age .
" By middle age , people have gotten from the outside world just about all they can , " says Lu .
" What they have n't attained yet they probably wo n't attain ever , so it 's not worth getting all worked up about it .
This is the time of life when the doubts set in . "
Many middle - aged people begin to ask themselves , " Is this really what I want ?
What has been the point of all my hard striving ? "
When the doubts come , some people continue trying to find answers from outside , thinking that everything would be fine if they could just change jobs or wives !
But then they rashly switch jobs or foolishly get involved in an affair only to find that they 've just made things worse .
" In middle age you start to listen to what 's going on inside , " says Lu .
" It 's the time of life when you start to hone your skills at conversing with your soul . "
People ask themselves : Am I truly happy ?
Do I like the person I see in the mirror ?
Why ?
What dreams can I pursue ?
At this point , there is no longer any need to try to measure oneself against outside standards .
Instead it 's more important to accept oneself and attempt to find an inner balance .
" One need not compare one 's inner achievements with those of other people , " notes Chiu .
Everyone 's circumstances and personalities are different , and they place different expectations on themselves .
It 's not a matter of being better or worse than anyone else , and there 's no need to follow the currents of fashion .
Everyone is unique .
Morris Chang was in his fifties when he became an entrepreneur and founded Taiwan Semiconductor .
Many others at the same time in life have opted to take early retirement and find a guru in India , work as a volunteer , or do whatever else they want to do .
In the modern age when people value different things , you can find a purely personal kind of happiness and success .
