Dongguan Gets Down to Business Taiwan Firms Embrace a Cantonese Boomtown
From Hong Kong 's airport , you can go straight to Dongguan on a Global Express bus .
With 27 departures a day , these buses run by a Taiwan firm out of Dongguan take Taiwan expats to their adopted home , which boasts the largest concentration of Taiwan firms in the PRC .
Invoking the Taiwanese business battle cry of " victory to those who strive the hardest , " 20,000 - 30,000 Taiwan expats in Dongguan have in little more than a decade turned a county of banana and lichee plantations into a big city with exports behind only Shenzhen 's and Shanghai 's .
How has Dongguan , this rising economic star , done it ?
What mix of sad and happy tales about Taiwan firms does this city have to tell ?
It 's 10:00 at night , but the city of Dongguan in Guangdong Province is still hopping .
Cars clocking 80 kilometers an hour zip along roads that reveal hardly a trace of the farming villages that they linked not long ago .
Taiwanese business people here run their factories like they drive their cars , in high gear .
The factories are lit up at night for overtime shifts .
" We do n't take much of a break for the Chinese New Year 's holidays , " says Andrew Yeh , chairman of Dongguan 's Powin Electric , which makes cable for the telecoms industry .
" By the morning of the third day we start up again with three shifts , just like any other day .
We ca n't keep up with our orders and have got to squeeze five days of work into every 24 hours . "
In the busy Fucheng district , you find the Taiwanese bars , covered from door to rooftop with flashing lights
.
The lights , like the karaoke singing within them , pulsate until dawn no matter the season .
Inside there is a raucous crowd .
A Taiwanese businessman down from Harbin boasts that his auto plant up in the northeast sits on a lot as vast as Taipei City and has a green light to sell on the domestic market .
In another room a Taiwanese businessman based in Dongguan carouses with a party cadre from Yunnan who is trying to attract investment .
Ju Gao - jeng , a former ROC legislator who now has an academic post in Beijing , is talking to a reporter from Taipei about the ROC presidential elections - a hot topic of conversation on both sides of the Taiwan strait .
Amid all the merrymaking , one gets a sense of what Shanghai must have been like in the thirties .
In Dongguan at the turn of the 21st century , however , it is the Taiwanese business people who have been playing the leading roles .
