Dreaming by the river
" You ca n't go about community work in a standoffish way , and you certainly ca n't operate effectively from behind the scenes - you have to be out there at the front of things .
When local people see teachers and doctors coming out to collect trash , they feel encouraged to join in , " says Chen Chin - chao , a dentist who chairs the Linpien Natural History Conservation Association .
Chen frets about the way the media has focused the spotlight on him alone , when numerous other individuals are also involved , all chipping in what they can .
" The biggest achievement is that the flowers have n't been stolen , " says Tsao Chi - hung .
" As more people volunteer to help , disruptive behavior becomes less and less likely . "
The riverside area used to be a teenage hangout , known for its drinking and fighting , but since greenification the town 's residents have been coming here to stroll and enjoy the scenery : green hills to the East , the sunset in the West , and the dreamy river alongside the park .
" The more that people get involved the greater their sense of accomplishment , " says Tsao .
" It 's not just about tidying up the environment .
We also hope to foster the commercial interests of the community so as to bring practical benefits for people 's lives . "
This was the thinking behind Tsao 's gathering together of various groups for the Wax Apple Festival .
According to the archives , 400 years ago Linpien was a plains - aborigine settlement called " Fang - suo - she . "
In the middle of the 17th century the Ming dynasty loyalist Zheng Chenggong -LRB- also known as Koxinga -RRB- brought an influx of settlers to Taiwan from the Fujian and Guangdong regions of China .
Some of the Fang - suo - she aborigines stayed and intermarried with Chinese , while others moved away .
The oldest recorded use of the name " Linpien " is on a stele , erected in 1762 , next to the town 's Sanshan King Temple .
The name , which means " beside the forest , " indicates that the early settlers must have had a tough time clearing land for their crops .
