High concentration of Taiwan firms
Before the 21st century had even arrived , a bright economic star had risen over southern China .
Ever since economic reforms accelerated on the mainland when Deng Xiaoping made a tour of the south in early 1992 , four southern Cantonese cities - Zhongshan , Dongguan , Shunde , and Nanhai - have earned a reputation as the " four tigers " of Guangdong Province .
Dongguan leads the pack .
" The year before last its total exports were third on the mainland , trailing only Shenzhen 's and Shanghai 's , " says Jiang Suwu , a graduate of Wuhan University 's Chinese department who came south to work in the planning department of a Taiwan firm in Dongguan .
" It had more than 15,000 foreign , Taiwan , and Hong Kong firms , and economic growth for that year reached 26 % . "
In ancient times Dongguan was covered with lichee plantations whose fruit was favored by the imperial consort Yang Guifei .
Just a little more than a decade ago Dongguan was still a largely agricultural area , its landscape a patchwork of rice paddies and corn fields .
It has since been completely made over into a " boundless industrial park " with an area of 2,520 square kilometers , a population of more than 5 million , and more than 3,000 Taiwan firms .
Chang Han - wen , the chairman of the Taiwan Business Association of Dongguan -LRB- TBAD -RRB- , says that development started in the late 1980s .
Hong Kong firms , with their proximity and fluent Cantonese -LRB- also the local dialect in Dongguan -RRB- , were first .
The Taiwanese , first coming about 1989 , followed .
Each arrival seemed to bring many more on its heels .
Taiwan firms are now the most important source of foreign investment in Dongguan .
Consider the booming electronics industry .
Eighty percent of Dongguan 's 1,800 computer - related companies are from Taiwan , Hong Kong and Macau .
In terms of production value , they account for at least half of this RMB 50 billion local industry .
Dongguan holds the highest concentration of Taiwan firms anywhere on the mainland .
According to TBAD statistics , there are now 30,000 Taiwanese companies on the mainland , -LRB- official PRC statistics , which include service - industry firms , put the number at 45,000 -RRB- .
Guangdong Province can boast one - third of the total , of which 3,200 are in Dongguan .
Most of these are telecom , cable , plastics , shoes , electronics and electric machinery companies .
Why has Dongguan been such a magnet for Taiwan firms ?
Kao Wen - lai points out that Dongguan is strategically located between Shenzhen and Guangzhou -LRB- Canton -RRB- and accessible to the entire Pearl River delta .
It is three hours by car to Hong Kong and one and a half hours by boat to Humen .
When compared to Shenzhen , moreover , land and labor in Dongguan are cheap .
" The local cadres have been smart , providing all manner of land and tax incentives , " says Chen Ming - chih , TBAD 's secretary general .
