Whether its arrival was by accident or design , a new age for Taiwanese firms in Dongguan is here .
It is a far cry from the days when Taiwan firms enjoyed tremendous advantages .
From the various revisions to trade law adopted by the PRC last year , Chang Han - wen extrapolates that the PRC both wants to protect its uncompetitive state firms and turn from low - tech processing to high - tech production .
" This is because state enterprises pressure the government with appeals about their right to survival , " Yeh says .
When foreign firms in the mainland are confronted with threats to their safety and property , " Hong Kong can count on the cooperation of the government , US and Japanese businesses can turn to their ambassadors , but what can Taiwan firms do ? " asks Yeh .
In Dongguan they can help each other .
Currently , more than 80 % of the 3,000 Taiwanese firms in Dongguan have joined TBAD .
TBAD has 29 local branches in Dongguan and is , moreover , the only Taiwan business association in mainland China with a women 's division .
Major companies listed on the TAIEX , including Lite - on Electronics and Delta Electronics , are members of TBAD .
It is the largest and strongest of all Taiwan business groups on the mainland both in terms of organization and operations .
Many Taiwanese believe that at a time of cross-strait tension , Taiwan firms have made their own decisions to invest in the mainland and therefore should bear the risk themselves too .
And by investing their money , technology and so forth on the mainland , are they not to some degree abandoning Taiwan ?
TBAD takes issue with this view .
H.D. Yeh points out that in 1998 Taiwan had an overall trade surplus of US$ 5.9 billion , and a surplus of US$ 12.76 billion with mainland China .
If not for its trade with the PRC , therefore , Taiwan would have had a trade deficit .
" We make our money here , but we pay taxes in Taiwan , and most of our families and children do most of their consumer spending in Taiwan , " insists TBAD chairperson Chang Mei - liang .
Chang notes that after the major earthquake in Taiwan on September 21 , Taiwan business associations throughout mainland China contributed NT$ 60 million .
TBAD contributed NT$ 30 million all by itself .
Hence , he argues that it 's very unfair to say that Taiwanese businesses in the mainland are n't contributing to Taiwan .
