The golden age of Huwei
There are different explanations as to the origins of the word Huwei , the original name for Tanshui .
Some say it was a transliteration of the place name used by the indigenous people .
But others say it comes from a long - gone fishing practice , using a shi hu -LRB- " stone pool " -RRB- .
Early fishermen used stones to carve a long , narrow catchment -LRB- the so - called " pool " -RRB- in the sand , waiting for the tide to carry in fish which they could then easily scoop up .
Since the place now known as Tanshui was at the tail end -LRB- wei -RRB- of this stone pool , it came to be called Huwei .
Tanshui occupied an important place in the transport network connecting Taiwan to Southeast Asia .
Even before the arrival of Westerners in Taiwan , Han Chinese often crossed over from China to Tanshui , which is relatively close to the mainland .
Here they engaged in barter trade with the Pingpu -LRB- meaning " plains " -RRB- aborigines , with deer skins and sulphur being the most coveted products .
As Western powers turned their eyes to Asia , Tanshui became strategically important .
In the 17th century , first the Spanish , and then the Dutch , built forts here as symbols of their claims to territorial control .
In the mid-17th century , China took control of Taiwan , and closed Tanshui to international trade .
Later , as a result of the Sino - French war of 1884 , Tanshui was again opened up to Western access .
During Tanshui 's golden age , large and small boats were constantly coming and going in the harbor , and it was not unusual to see enormous steamships .
In the latter part of the Qing dynasty , Tanshui was the largest port in Taiwan , and was the " customs headquarters , " also charged with overseeing port activities at Keelung , Tainan , and Kaohsiung .
However , during the Japanese occupation , as a result of silting , and because the Japanese invested a huge effort in developing the port at Keelung , Tanshui faded in importance , never again to see the likes of its glory days .
