To each its own domain
Many companies have expanded into new business realms in Dongguan .
A frequently cited example is Primax , H.D. Yeh 's electronics firm .
The company rented a factory in Dongguan in 1989 and at first produced labor - intensive power surge protectors .
After three years , they began in 1992 to invest massively on the mainland , establishing computer mouse production lines .
Thereafter , Primax launched new products every year : cellular phone parts , overhead projectors , paper shredders , scanners . . .
Constantly expanding its product lines and production capacity , Primax expanded from a single Dongguan plant with 25 workers in 1989 to its current nine factories and 4,000 - plus workforce .
Primax 's performance , H.D. Yeh notes , pushed its mother company in Taiwan to go public seven years ago .
Primax is one of the few Taiwan electronics companies with a definite " China orientation . "
" It does n't cost much to set up a factory in mainland China , and shipping times are stable .
These are helpful to the mother company both in terms of controlling costs and filling large orders , " says Yeh .
Dongguan Hsu Fu Chi Foods , which sells candy , cakes and candied fruit in the mainland domestic market , is another good example .
They began production there in 1992 , formally opening their own plant in Dongguan in 1994 .
The company now has three factories in Dongguan , with a combined area of 120,000 square meters , that produce 200 tons of candy , 70 tons of Chinese - style cakes , and 180 tons of gelatin and pudding a day .
" We produce 300 - 500 container loads of food a month .
You can find our cakes in supermarkets all the way from Guangzhou to Tibet . "
Norman Hsu , the company 's vice president , says that after one invests on the mainland , layouts of Taiwan factories seem exceedingly cramped .
" There 's a totally different sense of space . "
" Dongguan is by itself one - thirteenth the size of Taiwan , " notes Chen Ming - chih , secretary general of the Taiwan Business Association .
In Dongguan factories are more than ten times the sizes of similar plants in Taiwan .
One factory building at the Talingshan furniture plant is 380 meters long .
Walking the perimeter of a leading electronics plant in Qishi is " like playing four holes of golf . "
Like soldiers , workers often have to take different shifts in the cafeteria .
The Pouchen shoe plant , Dongguan 's largest , employs 100,000 .
The compound has a nursery , hospital and an operating room .
" We always jokingly refer to it as Fort Pouchen , " says Yeh .
