Two keys to the miracle
One afternoon in the days before the Chinese New Year , Chinese businessmen wearing suits arrived at the People 's Government administration building in Dongguan 's Qishi district .
After a long wait , they sat down at a table to negotiate with Qishi 's Communist Party secretary , the district chief , and various staff from its foreign economic office .
Qishi 's factory rents , electricity charges and land leases were all focuses of discussion .
TBAD , as is frequently the case , introduced the two parties .
" The factory rent was set at RMB 8.00 -LRB- about NT$ 32 -RRB- a square meter .
The electricity charge was RMB .87 a kilowatt hour , and there were various tax incentives , " explains Wang Jung - tuo , who notes there is still room for negotiation .
All in all , it was a very attractive package .
In 1990 , Wang went to Malaysia thinking about opening a factory there , but he discovered that Malaysia 's market was much smaller than the mainland 's and its labor costs twice as high .
The style of life was too different there , there was a language divide , and the roads were poor .
The mainland was a much better fit for him and his printed circuit boards company .
Now , little more than a decade later , its 20 - 30 workers have grown to 2,000 .
The company is once again preparing to expand its physical plant .
He acknowledges that it was a risky move to come to mainland China , but " if you 're going to die , you might as well die among your own people . "
He traces his ancestry to Guangdong and affirms that his decision to set up in mainland China " involves ethnic pride . "
Although low land and labor costs are Dongguan 's main attractions , Taiwan firms also choose the locale for the networks of people and producers that have been built up among Taiwanese in Dongguan over the last ten years .
These two kinds of networks , says H.D. Yeh - who served as TBAD 's president for two terms - were instrumental in creating the " Taiwanese economic miracle . "
H.D. Yeh points out that competition in the 21st century is all about speed .
When customers in America make purchase orders , the whole process , including drawing up the contract and manufacturing the goods , requires four months .
But Taiwanese firms can deliver in 15 days .
" There are two keys , " he says .
" One is that all the upstream and downstream factories are here .
You can assemble a computer completely from parts made within 50 kilometers . "
And the second key is that when you deal with Taiwanese companies , you do n't have to endure a long contract process .
Everything starts rolling with a single telephone call .
Taiwanese business people are always playing golf , singing karaoke or chewing betel nut together .
" Everyone is always asking how everyone else is doing - it 's a way of networking and building up good relations , " Yeh says .
Andrew Yeh recalls that when the company first set up in Dongguan in 1990 , " Even screws had to be brought in from Taiwan . "
But now the company sources virtually all of the necessary raw materials and parts on the mainland and is reliant for very little on Taiwan .
" What does industrial emigration entail ?
Usually it means downstream industries coming first , forcing the mid-stream industries to follow , " says Sylvia Yang , deputy chairperson of TBAD 's women 's division .
And in Dongguan downstream Taiwan firms have expanded into the mid-stream , becoming more vertically integrated .
Tahsin Printing only made paper boxes in Taiwan but when they set up a plant in Dongguan they discovered that it was hard to obtain the paper rolls they needed and thus learned how to make them themselves .
Now the company makes paper boxes both from rolled paper and from colored flat paper .
