Green hills
The success of black pearl wax apples gave Linpien a much - needed boost , bringing some of the younger generation back to the area to grow the fruit .
The credit for putting wax apples at the heart of the town 's revival and for mounting the Wax Apple Festival belongs with a group of volunteer workers - local people committed to the town 's regeneration .
How does a small town like Linpien come to be home to such a well - organized volunteer effort , and just how did the volunteers set about giving their town a make - over ?
The story begins with the town 's riverside park .
The road linking the town 's main street with the riverside park , where locals like to stroll and chat at the beginning and end of the day , used to be overgrown and lined with trash .
Now , however , thanks to a coordinated effort involving volunteers , residents and landlords , the verges are planted with sunflowers and lantana , while a former mud patch , donated rent - free by its owner , has been converted into a carp - filled lotus pool .
The revamping of Linpien started eight or nine years ago , when schoolteacher Tsao Chi - hung - now a DPP deputy in the national legislature - along with fellow members of the Linpien Residents ' Democracy Association launched a program to sweep the streets and keep the riverbank clean .
Wu Wu - ta , a plumber who runs the Democracy Association , says : " People were already doing their bit for the community over ten years ago , but not openly .
They swept the streets before dawn because they did n't want people to see them and call them crazy . "
It was only three years ago , with the founding of the non-political Linpien Natural History Conservation Association , that residents began to publicly support the project .
The flood - prone Linpien River has been dyked and dredged since the Japanese colonial era , but the bare concrete embankments never did much for the scenery .
In 1999 Tsao Chi - hung learned that the Water Conservancy Bureau was planning to renovate the flood defenses , and he proposed a scheme for " greenification " of the riverside area .
Objections were raised , however , with some pointing out that the site , if left untended , could easily get overgrown and become a breeding ground for snakes and vermin .
The issue was discussed and finally the Bureau agreed to let volunteers maintain the riverside area for two years .
If the scheme did n't work out then the Bureau would concrete over the site as originally planned .
Following the lead of the conservation association and the Democracy Association , various volunteer groups in the district - including the senior citizens ' club , members of Tzu Chi Buddhist Foundation , the Presbyterian Church , and followers of the I - Kuan Tao sect - signed up to share responsibility for the riverside park , which was divided into 90 - meter - long plots for the purpose .
Turf was laid , flower beds appeared , and the embankment soon became a 1.2 km - long " green Great Wall . "
