The Tanshui mystique
The mountains are also filled with old stories .
The often - renovated Hsing Chung Tang shop is more than a century old .
Owner Li Yung - kun is a descendant of the eminent Li family of Tanshui , which produced three juren -LRB- a successful candidate in provincial - level exams , held every three years -RRB- .
The house testifies to this past : It has a swallow - tailed roof and a flagpole , features that only the home of a juren was entitled to have .
Li Mingbin -LRB- whose name by birth is Li Minghui -RRB- , a scholar from Beijing University currently working at Chinese Culture University on an exchange program , is a descendant of the juren Li Yingzhen , who was wounded resisting the Japanese occupation and fled to the mainland , where he settled down .
Like his elders , Li Mingbin bridges the gap across the Taiwan Strait , as he is capable of conversing fluently in either Beijing dialect or the southern Fujian dialect used in Taiwan .
Of course , stories do n't have to be old to be interesting .
Today 's Tanshui residents are living their own stories .
The crotchety but modest guy who delivers the newspapers , the seafood restaurant owner who has made his fortune from scratch , the old man at the roadside food stall , the hostess in the tea house greeting and sending off guests . . . .
Some are active in the early morning , some late at night .
Though the founders of many of these shops have passed away , the second generation has taken the baton .
In the old bamboo tea shop , the now elderly hostess still plays her role amidst the ambience of wine and tea , offering a feminine presence to help put at ease her customers who come looking for a little relaxation , evoking the bewitching atmosphere of Tanshui at night .
Businessmen from outside , smelling profits , have set up gaudy storefronts and neon signs , hoping to trade on Tanshui 's mystique to sell coffee , seafood , antiques , and snack foods .
Students , who have enough money to keep several streets of shops going , carelessly wheel their motorcycles through the narrow streets , their minds elsewhere , thinking of youthful fun or romance .
Happy couples and jilted lovers line the river , displaying their joy or sadness in their postures : two people 's shadows are melted together by the darkened river behind , while others stand alone on the riverbank like statues .
