4. Realistically strive for one 's dreams
When focusing inward , many dreams that have long been discarded will end up floating to the surface .
At such times , one should remember to ask oneself three questions :
" What do I want ? " " What can I do ? " And " What must I do and have ? "
Chang Der - chung reminds people to think clearly about their needs , and then think about the costs .
Will meeting these personal needs necessarily come into conflict with meeting one 's responsibilities ?
Is there some way that the two can be accomplished simultaneously ?
When facing problems at work in Taiwan , many people decide to change careers or even to pursue their fortunes in mainland China or Southeast Asia .
Pursuing some dream of really making it big , many men use up their savings , leaving their wives as the sole source of family support and suffering loneliness in a foreign land .
There 's no right or wrong here , and there 's no way to guarantee a venture will be successful , but beforehand one must at least be realistic and prepare oneself psychologically for all possible outcomes , so that one wo n't suffer losses larger than one can bear .
" It is indeed the case that when one is young , one 's quiver is full of arrows and opportunities abound , so that one can shoot at will , " says Chang by way of analogy .
" Once you get into middle age , you 've got to make every arrow count . "
Chang explains that everyone has dreams , and that continually working toward those dreams is an excellent method of relieving stress at any age .
Middle - aged people have heavy burdens , and sometimes they may feel as if they are suffocating under them .
" But accomplishing a lot of little changes can bring about a big change . "
If you make an effort to do what you can , you will immediately find that your burdens have been lightened .
Chang cites this example : Say you hate being tied up by your work , and would like to go back to school .
Why do n't you try a weekend class ?
Maybe that would help to alleviate your anxiety .
Or if you are a housewife , taking care of three generations and resentful that you ca n't go out and get the sense of accomplishment that comes with a full - time job , then maybe you could work as a volunteer in a community organization .
This would both put you into contact with other people and help you gain a sense of accomplishment .
And you can help to sweat off your middle - aged anxieties by making a habit of regularly exercising .
What 's more , do n't worry too much about time being short .
Remember that most modern people live long lives that can be divided up into many stages .
In middle age , when you discover that your personal desires are coming into conflict with the demands of your family or society , decide which of your problems are the most urgent .
Do n't try to accomplish all of your dreams at once .
Maintain an unhurried frame of mind and peacefully wait for opportunities to present themselves .
