But more importantly , I think , is the nature of the hunt .
These were not wild birds .
The birds were bred in captivity .
They had spent their lives in pens , and then on hunting day , were released for the sole purpose of being killed by Dick Cheney and cohorts for pure sport as they flew into the open sky for their only moments of brief freedom .
Whether you are an animal lover or not , there is something disgusting and degrading about this kind of hunt and something less than human about those who participate in it .
The link `` personal majician '' is intrigueing .
From Madsen via Boucher :
Jackson 's stay at the Cedars was arranged through David Kuo , George W. Bush 's White House director of the Office of Faith - based Initiatives .
Kuo , a former CIA employee ... had been Executive Director of the Center for Effective Compassion , founded in 1995 by Arianna Huffington ...
Kuo also previously worked for the Christian Coalition and Senator John Ashcroft .
There 's also some curious Neverland / Disneyland connections to the `` Mickey Mouse Club '' children who are now stars , including Justin Timberlake -LRB- remember the star on Janet Jackson 's breast ? -RRB- and Brittany Spears , Christina Aguilera ...
The piper walks into the mountain , still followed by the children , and the cave closes again ...
Here is Boucher 's follow up to the `` majician '' link of Jeff 's .
on the mark as always , jeff ,
but i thought you might cover chile 's inauguration of its first woman president today instead ...
maybe later as the story develops ?
Jeff Boucher 's piece mentions how victims of sexual abuse often have childlike voices , almost as if their development was ' frozen ' around the time of their abuse .
Jackson seems to be of this type .
Or more perversely , fakes that he is :
`` I was always saying -LSB- to Jackson -RSB- people would n't think I was so crazy if they saw who the hell you really are , that you sit around , and you drink and you curse and you 're -LSB- expletive -RSB- funny and you have a bad mouth , and you do n't have that high voice all the time '' -
Lisa Marie Presley , in an interview quoted in a WaPo article written by Tina Brown :
Michael Jackson 's False Front ?
`` David Geffen , be gone !
Steven Spielberg , be gone ! ''
The witch doctor cursing Michael Jackson 's enemies and blessing the tarnished King of Pop himself in a voodoo ritual in Switzerland in the summer of 2000 had promised that the 25 people on Jackson 's enemies list -LRB- would soon be dead -RRB- ...
Jackson had ordered his then business adviser , Myung - Ho Lee , a U.S. - educated Korean lawyer based in Seoul , to wire $ 150,000 to a bank in Mali for a voodoo chief named Baba , who then had 42 cows ritually sacrificed for the ceremony .
Jackson had already undergone a blood bath ...
The pop star , who is said to be $ 240 million in debt , had paid six figures for a ritual cleansing using sheep blood to another voodoo doctor and a mysterious Egyptian woman named Samia , who came to him with a letter of greeting from a high - ranking Saudi prince , purportedly Nawaf Bin Abdulaziz Al - Saud , now the chief of intelligence of Saudi Arabia ...
http://www.vanityfair.com/commentary/content/articles/050411roco03c hmm .
According to that Vanity Fair article , Jacko and Uri Geller met through `` that other fellow devotee of children 's charities Mohamed Fayed , the chairman of Harrods in London , who believes that the C.I.A. and Prince Philip had Princess Diana and his son , Dodi , killed . ''
Anonymous quoted , `` Jackson 's stay at the Cedars was arranged through David Kuo ... ''
Hold on --
the Cedars is the headquarters of the Fellowship Foundation , the creepy Christianoid cult with deep political connections .
Here 's a bit of the original Madsen article that the Michael Jackson quote comes from :
In 1976 , the Fellowship began looking for a permanent headquarters in Arlington .
It set its sights on the estate of George Mason IV , The Cedars , located at 2301 North Uhle Street .
Mason was one of the drafters of the Bill of Rights .
The Fellowship , also known as the International Foundation , bought the property from Charles Piluso .
Although not much is known about Piluso , the Los Angeles Times reported that Howard Hughes , the man with whom Fellowship Senator Ralph Owen Brewster once sparred , also lived there .
According to a senior Pentagon official , the Cedars had been used as a CIA safe house prior to the Fellowship 's purchase of the estate .
The Fellowship paid $ 1.5 million for the Cedars , the money coming from Tom Phillips , the CEO of Raytheon , and Ken Olsen , the CEO of Digital Equipment Corporation .
Sanford McDonnell of McDonnell Douglas Corporation was another deep - pocketed supporter of the Fellowship through Full Gospel Business Men 's Fellowship International , an activity linked to Fellowship core member Pat Robertson .
Suffer the little children , eh ?
If this is what power & wealth does to you , I 'm damn glad I have neither .
