So I work in that same beauty salon ,
I 'm chained to the old masquerade
The lipstick , the shadow , the silicone :
I follow my father 's trade -
Leonard Cohen
Michael Jackson may be another example of a celebrity distraction which , upon examination , reveals more about our society 's mortal condition than a tabloid could imagine .
Almost certainly more than it would dare to describe .
Yesterday , Jackson was ordered to close Neverland for having failed to pay the ranch 's 47 employees their salary or insurance since the end of 2005 .
Unfortunate for the unpaid staff and the abandoned llamas but no surprise .
He 's moved on since his aquittal , like Gary Glitter did after his 1999 conviction , having departed last June for a Bahrain `` vacation '' from which he 's yet to emerge .
-LRB- '' For the people working at Bahrain 's malls , the person covered head to toe in a black veil , gloves and glasses appeared to be a rich , doting Saudi mother ....
But why would a woman wear a man 's shoes ?
Why the bodyguards ?
And why did the person 's fluid movements seem so familiar ? '' -RRB-
Last week 's real Jackson story ran in the New York Daily News , under the snappy banner `` Creepy dad was root of all clan 's woe , singer sez . ''
The singer was brother Jermaine , and the claims based on the projected outline for his abandoned `` tell - all '' family story .
Reading that Joseph was a nightmare of a father and sexually abusive towards his daughters is not exactly a `` stop the presses '' moment .
What 's new is this :
Jermaine even suggested his father may have set up Michael to be somehow victimized by older men .
He tells how his father would have Michael join in at late - night hotel room meetings with `` important business people , '' and wondered whether `` something happened '' to Michael at those sessions .
He said he sensed something was wrong because Michael would be sick for days after .
`` What was Joseph doing ? '' Jermaine wrote .
This lifts the Jackson family horror show to a whole new order of dysfunction , one that sees parents network with power and trade their children for privilege .
This should be a motif familiar to anyone acquainted with the literature of mind control and ritual abuse survivors : the father and first controller , passing his child - victim up the social ladder of abuse in return for status , protection and reward .
All that 's missing is the element of occult terror .
Or maybe not : `` LaToya also described being awakened in the night by Joseph wearing a ' monster mask . ' ''
Perhaps we can take more from this than the suspicion that the Jackson clan had gotten with the program .
Perhaps rather the point is that the program exploits pre-existing conditions for abuse which are more common than most suspect .
-LRB- This is how I tend to think of Ponchatoula 's Hosanna Church . -RRB-
Yet we should n't discount the suspicion , either , particularly given some of Michael 's paranormal interests and peculiar associations .
His close friendship with SPECTRA contactee and channeller of the Nine , Uri Geller , for one instance .
-LRB- Jackson was Geller 's best man in 2001 when he and his wife renewed his vows , the same year Geller is said to have been reactivated as a psychic spy . -RRB-
His entourage including a `` personal magician '' for another .
Even if you wanted to , you wo n't be reading Jermaine 's account now .
Like every Jackson sibling who 's tried to break from Joe , he 's climbed down , returned to the fold and scrapped the book , apparently on the strength of Michael 's threats to sue .
Previously , Michael 's given cause for family observers to attribute his grotesque body dysmorphia to a dread of resembling his father .
Yet there they were at Jackson 's trial last year , hand in hand .
In the big picture Michael Jackson means not very much .
But his little picture may be more newsworthy than the news suggests .
good stuff .
having departed last June for a Bahrain `` vacation '' from which he 's yet to emerge .
Actually , there have been reports for the past two days of Jackson back in California .
#NAME ?
Wild wild stuff Jeff !
Disinformation Distraction Dis and Dat ..
The netwerk is as sacred to the state as their mantra `` My way or total annihilation . ''
Bait and switch sets the agenda .
There is no such thing as an accident .
It 's Saturday morning , and the papers say a moon of Saturn is spewing life - giving water .... then I see the new R.I. post is about the perrenial child Michael Jackson .
This day is named for Saturn ...
" ... it was foretold that one day a mighty son of Saturn would in turn overthrow him ,
and Saturn devoured all of his children when they were born to prevent this ... ''
Apparently Saturn is also intimately connected with Satan , Masonics , and Revelation 13 - you know , the `` number of the beast '' ...
Nevermind -
I need a cup of coffee ...
I looked in vain for the Cheney `` A hunting we will go '' to post this out and paste but ...
And on the subject of cowardice , consider this . In a recent hunting escapade , Dick Cheney accidentally shot one of his hunting comrades .
There may have been negligence involved , but that is up to the local district attorney to decide .
