Here 's the latest study from the Institute for Science and International Security /.
They estimated a report that North Korea has enough separated plutonium to develop now an arsenal of four to thirteen nuclear weapons compared with estimates of just one or two weapons in two thousand when George bush became president /.
The group says that by two thousand eight North Korea could have enough plutonium for eight to seventeen nuclear weapons /.
The group 's assessment based on analysis of satellite imagery media reports and statements by North Korean officials which lead Nick Everstat a conservative critic from the American Enterprise Institute these are not Democrats /-
he offered this /.
although the Bush administration 's rhetoric about Kim Jong - Il and his regime has sometimes seemed ferocious North Korea 's leaders seem to have concluded that the Bush North Korea policy consists mainly of empty words and that oft repeated warning need not be taken terribly seriously /.
By more than one criteria indeed strategic successes on the Bush watch outshine those from its during the Clinton years /.
Would you acknowledge a significant increase in the nuclear capability by North Korea on the watch of President Bush /?
Tim um obviously we profoundly disagree with um some of the statements that we 've just heard /.
Eh you know we 've got a very strong military force and deterrent force at work in Asia and particularly on the Korean peninsula /.
And that military can handle any contingency that should arise /.
We also have a very tough policy and I think forward looking policy to develop missile defense to handle those contingencies /.
But you 've got to combine military measures with diplomacy to be effective in a situation like this /.
The fact is that a lot of this criticism seems to direct the United States back to a test of wills bilaterally between North Korea and the United States /.
What we want to do is we want to ask countries that do have a great deal of influence on North Korea certainly more than we have to use that influence /.
We can do that by channeling those efforts through the six party framework /.
And you know diplomacy sometimes ca n't succeed in a day or two or a week or two /.
Sometimes it takes many months or even years to succeed /.
But if you have the right policy in place , if you know what you 're trying to accomplish and if you 're very tough - minded about applying that policy we can be successful /.
So we have not given up hope that we can engineer a policy that will effectively put the North Koreans back in the box take away their nuclear programs and take away their ability to inflict threats and damage on their neighbors /.
We have got to be single - minded about this /.
we certainly understand the gravity of a challenge posed by North Korea /.
but frankly I do n't think these critics have offered any alternative that would have a reasonable prospect of success or lead us to unintended consequences uh if you went down the road that some of them are suggesting /.
And we think we 've got the right policy in place /.
and I can assure you we 're going to drive with a great deal of energy and determination /.
But you do not deny that North Korea 's nuclear capability has increased during the presidency of George Bush /?
Well North Korea says that it has a nuclear weapons capability /.
and we believe that it has produced that over the last several years /.
and that 's why we 've put in place this policy designed to take it away from them /.
And if we can have the September nineteenth two thousand five agreement implemented it will do just that /.
It will effectively de-nuclearize North Korea /.
And so that is a good bet for the United States /.
It 's obviously the goal that I think all these critics that you cite would share /.
But we think we 've got a much more realistic in the real world strategy put in place to deal with that problem /.
