After many days , some Jews made plans to kill Saul .
They were watching the city gates day and night .
They wanted to kill Saul , but he learned about their plan .
One night some followers that Saul had taught helped him leave the city .
They put him in a basket and lowered it down through a hole in the city wall .
Then Saul went to Jerusalem .
He tried to join the group of followers , but they were all afraid of him .
They did not believe that he was really a follower of Jesus .
But Barnabas accepted Saul and took him to the apostles .
He told them how Saul had seen the Lord on the road and how the Lord had spoken to Saul .
Then he told them how boldly Saul had spoken for the Lord in Damascus .
And so Saul stayed with the followers and went all around Jerusalem speaking boldly for the Lord .
He often had arguments with the Greek - speaking Jews , who began making plans to kill him .
When the believers learned about this , they took Saul to Caesarea , and from there they sent him to the city of Tarsus .
The church in Judea , Galilee , and Samaria had a time of peace .
With the help of the Holy Spirit , the groups of believers became stronger and showed their respect for the Lord by the way they lived .
So the church everywhere grew in numbers .
Peter was traveling through all the areas around Jerusalem , and he stopped to visit the believers who lived in Lydda .
There he met a man named Aeneas , who was paralyzed and had not been able to get out of bed for the past eight years .
Peter said to him , `` Aeneas , Jesus Christ heals you .
Get up and make your bed ! ''
He stood up immediately .
All the people living in Lydda and on the plain of Sharon saw him , and they decided to follow the Lord .
In the city of Joppa there was a follower of Jesus named Tabitha .
Her Greek name , Dorcas , means `` a deer . ''
She was always doing good things for people and giving money to those in need .
While Peter was in Lydda , Tabitha became sick and died .
They washed her body and put it in an upstairs room .
The followers in Joppa heard that Peter was in Lydda , which was not far away .
So they sent two men , who begged him , `` Hurry , please come quickly ! ''
Peter got ready and went with them .
When he arrived , they took him to the upstairs room .
All the widows stood around him .
They were crying and showing him the coats and other clothes that Tabitha had made during her time with them .
Peter sent all the people out of the room .
He knelt down and prayed .
Then he turned to Tabitha 's body and said , `` Tabitha , stand up ! ''
She opened her eyes .
When she saw Peter , she sat up .
He gave her his hand and helped her stand up .
Then he called the believers and the widows into the room .
He showed them Tabitha ; she was alive !
People everywhere in Joppa learned about this , and many believed in the Lord .
Peter stayed in Joppa for many days at the home of a man named Simon , who was a leatherworker .
