I am in Christ and I am telling you the truth .
I am not lying .
And my conscience , ruled by the Holy Spirit , agrees that what I say now is true .
I have great sorrow and always feel much sadness for my own people .
They are my brothers and sisters , my earthly family .
I wish I could help them .
I would even have a curse on me and cut myself off from Christ if that would help them .
They are the people of Israel , God 's chosen children .
They have the glory of God and the agreements he made between himself and his people .
God gave them the Law of Moses , the Temple worship , and his promises .
They are the descendants of our great fathers , and they are the earthly family of Christ .
And Christ is God over all things .
Praise him forever !
Amen .
I do n't mean that God failed to keep his promise to the Jewish people .
But only some of the people of Israel are really God 's people .
And only some of Abraham 's descendants are true children of Abraham .
This is what God said to Abraham : `` Your true descendants will be those who come through Isaac . ''
This means that not all of Abraham 's descendants are God 's true children .
Abraham 's true children are those who become God 's children because of the promise he made to Abraham .
Here is what God said in that promise : `` About this time next year I will come back , and Sarah will have a son . ''
And that is not all .
Rebecca also had sons , and they had the same father .
He is our father Isaac .
But before the two sons were born , God told Rebecca , `` The older son will serve the younger . ''
This was before the boys had done anything good or bad .
God said this before they were born so that the boy he wanted would be chosen because of God 's own plan .
He was chosen because he was the one God wanted to call , not because of anything the boys did .
As the Scriptures say , `` I loved Jacob , but I hated Esau . ''
So what does this mean ?
That God is not fair ?
We can not say that .
God said to Moses , `` I will show mercy to anyone I want to show mercy to .
I will show pity to anyone I choose . ''
So God will choose anyone he decides to show mercy to , and his choice does not depend on what people want or try to do .
In the Scriptures God says to Pharaoh : `` I made you king so that you could do this for me .
I wanted to show my power through you .
I wanted my name to be announced throughout the world . ''
So God shows mercy to those he wants to show mercy to and makes stubborn those he wants to make stubborn .
So one of you will ask me , `` If God controls what we do , why does he blame us for our sins ? ''
Do n't ask that .
You are only human and have no right to question God .
A clay jar does not question the one who made it .
It does not say , `` Why did you make me like this ? ''
The one who makes the jar can make anything he wants .
He uses the same clay to make different things .
He might make one thing for special purposes and another for daily use .
It is the same way with what God has done .
He wanted to show his anger and to let people see his power .
But he patiently endured those he was angry with -- people who were ready to be destroyed .
He waited with patience so that he could make known the riches of his glory to the people he has chosen to receive his mercy .
God has already prepared them to share his glory .
We are those people , the ones God chose not only from the Jews but also from those who are not Jews .
As the Scriptures say in the book of Hosea , `` The people who are not mine -- I will say they are my people .
And the people I did not love -- I will say they are the people I love . ''
And , `` Where God said in the past , ' You are not my people ' -- there they will be called children of the living God . ''
And Isaiah cries out about Israel : `` There are so many people of Israel , they are like the grains of sand by the sea .
But only a few of them will be saved .
Yes , the Lord will quickly finish judging the people on the earth . ''
It is just as Isaiah said : `` The Lord All - Powerful allowed some of our people to live .
If he had not done that , we would now be like Sodom , and we would be like Gomorrah . ''
So what does all this mean ?
It means that people who are not Jews were made right with God because of their faith , even though they were not trying to make themselves right .
And the people of Israel , who tried to make themselves right with God by following the law , did not succeed .
They failed because they tried to make themselves right by the things they did .
They did not trust in God to make them right .
They fell over the stone that makes people fall .
The Scriptures talk about that stone : `` Look , I put in Zion a stone that will make people stumble .
It is a rock that will make people fall .
But anyone who trusts in him will never be disappointed . ''
