Jesus and his followers went to Capernaum .
They went into a house , and Jesus said to them , `` I heard you arguing on the way here today .
What were you arguing about ? ''
But the followers did not answer , because their argument on the road was about which one of them was the greatest .
Jesus sat down and called the twelve apostles to him .
He said , `` Whoever wants to be the most important must make others more important than themselves .
They must serve everyone else . ''
Then Jesus took a small child and stood the child in front of the followers .
He held the child in his arms and said , `` Whoever accepts children like these in my name is accepting me .
And anyone who accepts me is also accepting the one who sent me . ''
Then John said , `` Teacher , we saw a man using your name to force demons out of someone .
He is not one of us .
So we told him to stop , because he does not belong to our group . ''
Jesus said , `` Do n't stop him .
Whoever uses my name to do powerful things will not soon say bad things about me .
Whoever is not against us is with us .
I can assure you that anyone who helps you by giving you a drink of water because you belong to the Christ will definitely get a reward .
`` If one of these little children believes in me , and someone causes that child to sin , it will be very bad for that person .
It would be better for them to have a millstone tied around their neck and be drowned in the sea .
If your hand makes you sin , cut it off .
It is better for you to lose part of your body and have eternal life than to have two hands and go to hell .
There the fire never stops .
If your foot makes you sin , cut it off .
It is better for you to lose part of your body and have eternal life than to have two feet and be thrown into hell .
If your eye makes you sin , take it out .
It is better for you to have only one eye and enter God 's kingdom than to have two eyes and be thrown into hell .
The worms that eat the people in hell never die .
The fire there is never stopped .
`` Everyone will be salted with fire .
`` Salt is good .
But if it loses its salty taste , you ca n't make it good again .
So , do n't lose that good quality of salt you have .
And live in peace with each other . ''
