The next day , Jesus , Peter , John , and James came down from the mountain .
A large group of people met Jesus .
A man in the group shouted to him , `` Teacher , please come and look at my son .
He is the only child I have .
An evil spirit comes into him , and then he shouts .
He loses control of himself and foams at the mouth .
The evil spirit continues to hurt him and almost never leaves him .
I begged your followers to make the evil spirit leave my son , but they could not do it . ''
Jesus answered , `` You people today have no faith .
Your lives are all wrong .
How long must I be with you and be patient with you ? ''
Then Jesus said to the man , `` Bring your son here . ''
While the boy was coming , the demon threw the boy to the ground .
The boy lost control of himself .
But Jesus gave a strong command to the evil spirit .
Then the boy was healed , and Jesus gave him back to his father .
All the people were amazed at the great power of God .
The people were still amazed about all the things Jesus did .
He said to his followers , `` Do n't forget what I will tell you now : The Son of Man will soon be handed over to the control of other men . ''
But the followers did not understand what he meant .
The meaning was hidden from them so that they could not understand it .
But they were afraid to ask Jesus about what he said .
Jesus ' followers began to have an argument about which one of them was the greatest .
Jesus knew what they were thinking , so he took a little child and stood the child beside him .
Then he said to the followers , `` Whoever accepts a little child like this in my name is accepting me .
And anyone who accepts me is also accepting the one who sent me .
The one among you who is the most humble -- this is the one who is great . ''
John answered , `` Master , we saw someone using your name to force demons out of people .
We told him to stop because he does not belong to our group . ''
Jesus said to him , `` Do n't stop him .
Whoever is not against you is for you . ''
The time was coming near when Jesus would leave and go back to heaven .
He decided to go to Jerusalem .
He sent some men ahead of him .
They went into a town in Samaria to make everything ready for him .
But the people there would not welcome Jesus because he was going toward Jerusalem .
James and John , the followers of Jesus , saw this .
They said , `` Lord , do you want us to call fire down from heaven and destroy those people ? ''
But Jesus turned and criticized them for saying this .
Then he and his followers went to another town .
They were all traveling along the road .
Someone said to Jesus , `` I will follow you anywhere you go . ''
He answered , `` The foxes have holes to live in .
The birds have nests .
But the Son of Man has no place where he can rest his head . ''
Jesus said to another man , `` Follow me ! ''
But the man said , `` Lord , let me go and bury my father first . ''
But Jesus said to him , `` Let the people who are dead bury their own dead .
You must go and tell about God 's kingdom . ''
Another man said , `` I will follow you , Lord , but first let me go and say goodbye to my family . ''
Jesus said , `` Anyone who begins to plow a field but looks back is not prepared for God 's kingdom . ''
