The Lord has commanded that those who tell the Good News should get their living from this work .
But I have not used any of these rights , and I am not trying to get anything from you .
That is not my purpose for writing this .
I would rather die than to have someone take away what for me is a great source of pride .
It 's not my work of telling the Good News that gives me any reason to boast .
That is my duty -- something I must do .
If I do n't tell people the Good News , I am in real trouble .
If I did it because it was my own choice , I would deserve to be paid .
But I have no choice .
I must tell the Good News .
So I am only doing the duty that was given to me .
So what do I get for doing it ?
My reward is that when I tell people the Good News I can offer it to them for free and not use the rights that come with doing this work .
I am free .
I belong to no other person , but I make myself a slave to everyone .
I do this to help save as many people as I can .
To the Jews I became like a Jew so that I could help save Jews .
I myself am not ruled by the law , but to those who are ruled by the law I became like someone who is ruled by the law .
I did this to help save those who are ruled by the law .
To those who are without the law I became like someone who is without the law .
I did this to help save those who are without the law .
-LRB- But really , I am not without God 's law -- I am ruled by the law of Christ . -RRB-
To those who are weak , I became weak so that I could help save them .
I have become all things to all people .
I did this so that I could save people in any way possible .
I do all this to make the Good News known .
I do it so that I can share in the blessings of the Good News .
You know that in a race all the runners run , but only one runner gets the prize .
So run like that .
Run to win !
All who compete in the games use strict training .
They do this so that they can win a prize -- one that does n't last .
But our prize is one that will last forever .
So I run like someone who has a goal .
I fight like a boxer who is hitting something , not just the air .
It is my own body I fight to make it do what I want .
I do this so that I wo n't miss getting the prize myself after telling others about it .
