The first agreement had rules for worship and a place for worship here on earth .
This place was inside a tent .
The first area in the tent was called the Holy Place .
In the Holy Place were the lamp and the table with the special bread offered to God .
Behind the second curtain was a room called the Most Holy Place .
In the Most Holy Place was a golden altar for burning incense .
And also there was the Box of the Agreement .
The Box was covered with gold .
Inside this Box was a golden jar of manna and Aaron 's rod -- the rod that once grew leaves .
Also in the Box were the flat stones with the Ten Commandments of the old agreement on them .
Above the Box were the Cherub angels that showed God 's glory .
These Cherub angels were over the place of mercy .
But we can not say everything about this now .
Everything in the tent was made ready in the way I have explained .
Then the priests went into the first room every day to do their worship duties .
But only the high priest could go into the second room , and he went in only once a year .
Also , he could never enter that room without taking blood with him .
He offered that blood to God for himself and for the sins the people committed without knowing they were sinning .
The Holy Spirit uses those two separate rooms to teach us that the way into the Most Holy Place was not open while the first room was still there .
This is an example for us today .
It shows that the gifts and sacrifices the priests offer to God are not able to make the consciences of the worshipers completely clear .
These gifts and sacrifices are only about food and drink and special washings .
They are only rules about the body .
God gave them for his people to follow until the time of his new way .
But Christ has already come to be the high priest .
He is the high priest of the good things we now have .
But Christ does not serve in a place like the tent that those other priests served in .
He serves in a better place .
Unlike that tent , this one is perfect .
It was not made by anyone here on earth .
It does not belong to this world .
Christ entered the Most Holy Place only one time -- enough for all time .
He entered the Most Holy Place by using his own blood , not the blood of goats or young bulls .
He entered there and made us free from sin forever .
The blood of goats and bulls and the ashes of a cow were sprinkled on those who were no longer pure enough to enter the place of worship .
The blood and ashes made them pure again -- but only their bodies .
So surely the blood sacrifice of Christ can do much more .
Christ offered himself through the eternal Spirit as a perfect sacrifice to God .
His blood will make us completely clean from the evil we have done .
It will give us clear consciences so that we can worship the living God .
So Christ brings a new agreement from God to his people .
He brings this agreement so that those who are chosen by God can have the blessings God promised , blessings that last forever .
This can happen only because Christ died to free people from sins committed against the commands of the first agreement .
When someone dies and leaves a will , there must be proof that the one who wrote the will is dead .
A will means nothing while the one who wrote it is still living .
It can be used only after that person 's death .
That is why blood was needed to begin the first agreement between God and his people .
First , Moses told the people every command in the law .
Then he took the blood of young bulls and mixed it with water .
He used red wool and a branch of hyssop to sprinkle the blood and water on the book of the law and on all the people .
Then he said , `` This is the blood that makes the agreement good -- the agreement that God commanded you to follow . ''
In the same way , Moses sprinkled the blood on the Holy Tent .
He sprinkled the blood over everything used in worship .
The law says that almost everything must be made clean by blood .
Sins can not be forgiven without a blood sacrifice .
These things are copies of the real things that are in heaven .
These copies had to be made clean by animal sacrifices .
But the real things in heaven must have much better sacrifices .
Christ went into the Most Holy Place .
But it was not the man - made one , which is only a copy of the real one .
He went into heaven , and he is there now before God to help us .
The high priest enters the Most Holy Place once every year .
He takes with him blood to offer .
But he does not offer his own blood like Christ did .
Christ went into heaven , but not to offer himself many times like the high priest offers blood again and again .
If Christ had offered himself many times , he would have needed to suffer many times since the time the world was made .
But he came to offer himself only once .
And that once is enough for all time .
He came at a time when the world is nearing an end .
He came to take away all sin by offering himself as a sacrifice .
Everyone must die once .
Then they are judged .
So Christ was offered as a sacrifice one time to take away the sins of many people .
And he will come a second time , but not to offer himself for sin .
He will come the second time to bring salvation to those who are waiting for him .
