After this I heard what sounded like a large crowd of people in heaven .
The people were saying , `` Hallelujah !
Victory , glory , and power belong to our God .
His judgments are true and right .
Our God has punished the prostitute .
She is the one who ruined the earth with her sexual sin .
God has punished the prostitute to pay her back for the death of his servants . ''
These people also said , `` Hallelujah !
She is burning and her smoke will rise forever and ever . ''
Then the 24 elders and the four living beings bowed down .
They worshiped God , who sits on the throne .
They said , `` Amen !
Hallelujah ! ''
Then a voice came from the throne and said , `` Praise our God , all you who serve him !
Praise our God , all you small and great who honor him ! ''
Then I heard something that sounded like a large crowd of people .
It was as loud as crashing waves or claps of thunder .
The people were saying , `` Hallelujah !
Our Lord God rules .
He is the All - Powerful .
Let us rejoice and be happy and give God glory !
Give God glory , because the wedding of the Lamb has come .
And the Lamb 's bride has made herself ready .
Fine linen was given to the bride for her to wear .
The linen was bright and clean . ''
-LRB- The fine linen means the good things that God 's holy people did . -RRB-
Then the angel said to me , `` Write this : Great blessings belong to those who are invited to the wedding meal of the Lamb ! ''
Then the angel said , `` These are the true words of God . ''
Then I bowed down before the angel 's feet to worship him .
But the angel said to me , `` Do n't worship me !
I am a servant like you and your brothers and sisters who have the truth of Jesus .
So worship God !
Because the truth of Jesus is the spirit of prophecy . ''
Then I saw heaven open .
There before me was a white horse .
The rider on the horse was called Faithful and True , because he is right in his judging and in making war .
His eyes were like burning fire .
He had many crowns on his head .
A name was written on him , but he was the only one who knew its meaning .
He was dressed in a robe dipped in blood , and he was called the Word of God .
The armies of heaven were following the rider on the white horse .
They were also riding white horses .
They were dressed in fine linen , white and clean .
A sharp sword came out of the rider 's mouth , a sword that he would use to defeat the nations .
And he will rule the nations with a rod of iron .
He will crush the grapes in the winepress of the terrible anger of God All - Powerful .
On his robe and on his leg was written this name : king of kings and lord of lords Then I saw an angel standing in the sun .
In a loud voice the angel said to all the birds flying in the sky , `` Come together for the great supper of God .
Come together so that you can eat the bodies of rulers and army commanders and famous men .
Come to eat the bodies of the horses and their riders and the bodies of all people -- free , slave , small , and great . ''
Then I saw the beast and the rulers of the earth .
Their armies were gathered together to make war against the rider on the horse and his army .
But the beast was captured , and the false prophet was also captured .
He was the one who did the miracles for the beast .
He had used these miracles to trick those who had the mark of the beast and worshiped its idol .
The false prophet and the beast were thrown alive into the lake of fire that burns with sulfur .
Their armies were killed with the sword that came out of the mouth of the rider on the horse .
All the birds ate these bodies until they were full .
