Then , are these children willing to live with their parents ? Or go to the city with them ?
In regard to this , first , , children all want their parents to come back to live with them .
However , 51 percent of the children we surveyed were unwilling to go to the city with their parents , go to the city , to live in the city .
However , they all wanted their parents to come back , but half of the children did not want to go to the city .
We also asked them why they did not want to go to the city .
This was also very surprising to us .
They said that the city is another world and they were especially worried .
They were afraid that once they go to the city , they will not be able to assimilate into the schools and things like that .
Second , they realized that it is already a very difficult task for their parents to work in the city .
Their parents have to send money home , among other things .
If they go live with them , they will add more burdens to their parents .
If we are in the city every day , live in the city every day , we may know that oh , city life is like this .
As for children from rural areas and people from rural areas who work in the city , they are not familiar with this world and they have a type of fear .
As for parents , are they more willing to bring their children with them or leave them at home ?
I believe when parents make this decision , their main consideration is not willing or unwilling .
All parents , I can say the majority of the parents , definitely want to live with their children .
However , with the reality that they have to face , I believe that they can not solve this problem .
Of course , we know what the reality is .
First , their families are rather poor to begin with .
Only the lower - middle class will leave the rural areas and work in the city .
They have to make money to support the family .
They will need a huge sum of money in order to bring their children to the city .
Nonetheless , I believe there are also many other reasons .
They also have to consider whether their children can go to school in the city .
They have to find a place to live .
All these are problems that they need to resolve .
The problems they face are too many .
If the children go to the city , the expenses will be very high .
Since circumstances do not permit , they can not bring their children with them , according to their will or their psychological need .
Many parents are unable to bring their children with them .
What would you tell your parents if you could see them now ?
I want to tell them that I miss them very much .
