-LSB- -RSB-
This is Ruangang village , Bocang town , Yi county , Hebei province .
Among the 303 households in the village , one - third of the families have people who work in the city .
More than half of the children in the village are left - behind children .
Most of the children 's parents are in the southern part of the country .
Many people want to save some travel expenses and earn some more money , so it is very common for them not to return home for a year or two .
Life is so vast .
Life is an ocean wherever life exists .
It has been six years since 14 - year - old Jiang Beiwen was sent by his parents to live with his maternal grandfather in Ruangang village .
His parents rely on selling rice in Guangzhou to support their child 's education .
They live a very hard life .
Little Beiwen has not seen them once in the past six years .
Oh , I see so many children here who can turn for comfort in their parents ' arms !
Ah , I envy them .
So , I also , want to be able to turn to comfort in my parents ' arms .
I was at school the time I missed my mother the most .
Uh huh .
We had a market !
Oh , every day , there were parents who bought things for their oh , sons and daughters .
I also wish that my parents could buy me things .
I envied them very much .
That was when I missed my mother the most .
This is Jiang Beiwen 's favorite photo .
It was taken with his father six years ago , before he sent him to live with his maternal grandfather .
He was only eight years old at that time .
The only connection that little Beiwen has with his parents now is to talk on the phone with them once a week .
In his opinion , affection among family members is something unreachable .
How often can your mother call you ?
Uh , once a week !
What do you talk about ?
I will talk about my studies and life .
My schoolwork was not quite good when I first came !
My mother scolded me in the beginning when my schoolwork was poor .
She said that I was losing honor for not doing well at school !
Then I cried and after that , my mother cried , too .
Since they move from place to place in the city to work all year round , parents of left - behind children have little communication with their children .
While for temporary custodians , they are only limited to providing superficial care , such as making sure the children have food and stay warm , but can not fulfill the responsibility of educating the children .
The survey found that 36.7 percent of the children had never been to their parents ' workplace .
8.2 percent of the parents almost never contacted their children .
21.4 percent of the parents contacted their children less than once a month .
Since their parents are absent , how can these children communicate and exchange with their parents ?
Our study found that um , um , the principal means of contact between the left - behind children and their parents was through the telephone .
However , contrary to our belief that they could talk on the phone for a long time when they called , approximately 50 percent of the left - behind children we surveyed talked on the phone with their parents for three minutes or so .
What could they talk about in three minutes ?
I think it is hard to say anything meaningful in three minutes .
Of course , we also studied what these children talked to their parents about in these three - minute telephone conversations .
What did the parents who worked in the city talk about with their children ?
What touched us very deeply was that 70 percent of the content of the children 's conversations with their parents was to ask about their safety and not other things , such as how much they had earned .
As for the content of the parents ' conversations with their children , first , it was school .
Whether they were good and how their schoolwork was .
Second , it was whether they obeyed their custodians and what they ate and things like that .
Uh , as for safety matters , in fact , they could not have any emotional exchange .
We know that sometimes when we talk on the phone , even a pause is a need for emotional exchange .
However , the parents may not have realized this .
For instance , the child has stopped talking .
He stops talking because he needs to pause to consider how to say what is in his mind .
The parents may not have realized this point , so they hang up the phone immediately .
Of course , for three minutes , why was it only for three minutes ?
In many cases , it was because they worried about the charge .
, many left - behind children told us that they especially wanted to call their parents on the phone .
However , um , they considered that um , one thing , sometimes they did not have a telephone at home .
It was very difficult for children to borrow the phone from their neighbors .
Second , um , they considered that they needed money to make a phone call .
Some children told me , " I secretly called my parents when my custodians were not home . "
The children have a great need for this type of telephone exchange .
