According to your study , what do these left - behind children generally do with their daily life if their parents or parent work in the city ?
Different types of custody have different impacts on their life .
No doubt , , single - parent custody definitely creates less impact compared to the other types .
The impact of single - parent custody is smaller because at least the mother is at home .
There is no major problem in the children 's material life .
Of course , there are many impacts in other aspects , for instance , peer socialization .
The one that creates a huge impact is definitely skip - generation custody .
Skip - generation custody means the grandparents look after the children .
There is also relative or neighbor custody that asks neighbors or relatives to look after the children , and there is a type called self - custody .
These three types create the biggest and the most impact .
If we want to discuss this in more detail , let 's say , the skip - generation custody .
First , in skip - generation custody , their material life will no doubt be a lot less taken care of when compared to the usual both parents or one parent at home situation .
This is indisputable .
This type of family is not as good as the others .
We had an example of a child in Shaanxi province .
Um , there was a family !
This family had an older brother and a younger sister .
Both parents wanted to go to the city to work .
The father went first , and later the mother wanted to go , too .
What happened to these two children ?
The grandparents were unwilling to take care of them because in rural areas , grandparents also have to work in the field !
As a result , , this mother sent , these brother and sister , to martial arts school to study .
After they went to the martial arts school for a while , um , their mother was , um , a little worried , so she went to visit them .
She went to visit them .
When she saw them , , the girl cried to her and said , " I really do n't want to stay here .
I want to go home . "
Later , the mother was moved and brought , this girl home and had the grandparents look after her .
Um , she still , ai , left him at the martial arts school .
Um , um , after the girl returned , the mother continued to work in the city .
When she came back one time in between work , she found that the girl 's body was dotted with red marks and red swellings .
She then discovered ah , um , the grandparents had not washed her clothes for a very long time .
The situation you mentioned , is it common or is it a rather extreme example , because generally , people will think that grandparents will particularly love and care about their grandchildren ?
The situation that I just mentioned regarding skip - generation custody is no doubt common .
Why is it so ?
You said that grandparents certainly have special love for the children .
It is true .
It is true that they will go out of their way to pamper the children .
However , for the elderly , with the difference in age and time , , their , ways of taking care and loving the children are different .
They are influenced by their own habits .
For instance , there was a child who was sick .
Um , the grandparents asked him to take , a small pill that was made in Shaanxi .
They did not even know what it was made of .
It was a local method .
Um , after all , they are different from , um , young people in this respect .
Instead of sending the child to the hospital as quickly as possible , they are influenced by , some habits in this aspect .
, they raised this point themselves .
Another important point they mentioned was that they had to take care of the entire family .
" Her father and mother are not home , so the entire family falls onto our shoulders , especially when we still have to be responsible for the farm work on the farmland .
So , all I can do is to feed her and make sure that she is not cold . "
They also had to face such a reality , one that they could not resolve .
After all , a family that had so many people in the beginning , , the parents of the children were a very important um , workforce .
Now it was down to the two grandparents .
No doubt , they could not help .
