-LSB- -RSB-
Children are left at home in the rural areas , after parents leave to work in the city .
These are called left - behind children .
The parents are also forced to work in the city .
In fact , they have no alternatives but to make such a decision .
There are 120 million farmers who work in the city all year round in China , thus creating nearly 20 million left - behind children .
I want to tell them that I miss them a lot .
Day after day and year after year , they long for love in loneliness and wait for family affection in defect .
I think that it is especially important to have emotional exchanges with the children .
Visit the children more often whenever possible .
-LSB- -RSB-
In September 2005 , a study report titled " Concern for Left - behind Children " had drawn wide public attention .
While the situation of peasant workers in the city has repeatedly put society into question , the phenomenon of left - behind children in rural areas has gradually entered the view of the public .
Ye Jingzhong is the assistant dean of the College of Humanities and Development at China Agricultural University , and team leader of the Left - behind Children Task Force .
In the last two years , he has led the task force to conduct many field interviews and investigations on left - behind children in numerous rural areas in central and western China , including Shaanxi , Ningxia , Hebei , and Beijing .
Why did you pick the central and western parts of China , and not the south , to conduct this study ?
First of all , for people who work in the city from the central and western regions um , uh , according to their educational level , they generally engage in strenuous manual labor when they leave for the city to work .
They are not in a position to bring their children to the city .
When we conducted this research study , our focus was to analyze the impact on children when their parents , work in the city .
, its main impact is the lack of love because of the absence of their parents .
Therefore , we believe that whether it 's in southern or northern part , no matter which part of the country the research is conducted in , the results should be consistent .
According to your estimation , how many left - behind children are there in China now ?
This group should be the biggest in number .
Um , the most conservative statistics for the group of people who leave the country to work in the city in our country is 100 million .
Nowadays , um , , um , many places , um , cite a figure of 120 million .
Many people quote a figure of 150 million .
Let 's think about it this way .
If we actually use 120 million as the statistic for the group who leave the country to work in the city , , at least half of them are um , married before they work in the city .
Of course , families of these married people will usually have children .
Moreover , they will usually have more than one child in rural areas .
So you can imagine .
I believe the left - behind children group is definitely more than 10 or 20 million .
It , uh , , in my opinion , should be around 50 million .
Of course , we have not conducted exact statistical calculations .
I believe the number of this group should be particularly large .
According to the study by the task force , at present , the four main types of custody for left - behind children include single - parent custody , skip - generation custody , relative custody , and same - generation custody . Among which , single - parent custody had the highest number , accounting for 79.2 percent of the people surveyed .
The next one was skip - generation custody , accounting for 16.9 percent . While those who lived with relatives or were entrusted to the care of someone else made up 4.1 percent and .9 percent of the total number of left - behind children , respectively .
