In the study of left - behind children , many staff found out by surprise that the biological cycle of the farmers who work in the city , and the inculcation and upbringing cycle of their children , have formed two parallel lines that will never meet .
Farmers who work in the city are generally a young workforce in their prime , while this is the period in which their children attend primary or junior high school .
Originally , they work in the city out of the hope that their children can receive a better education .
However , adolescent children need the loving care and guidance of their parents even more .
During this period , the absence of both or even one parent will create obstacles to the character development of the children .
This pair of unavoidable contradictions has made the problem of left - behind children in rural areas become more obvious .
You have seen many kinds of left - behind children .
Was there a particular case or a particular child who had left an especially deep impression on you that you still remember now ?
, um , there was a child in Ningxia whose name was Yao Zhengang .
This child , um , did not do exceptionally well in school .
What impressed me the most about him was that he really missed his parents .
He felt particularly lonely and especially wanted his father to come back .
He said that he was sick one time .
His father worked in Guyuan , about 40 to 50 kilometers away from home .
After his father learned that he was very sick , he ran back to the village right away .
After he arrived at the village , he did not say anything , but to put him on his back and carry him to the town to see a doctor .
He just carried him like that without saying a word .
When the doctor in the town took a look and told him that they were unable to cure the sickness , he carried the child to the county .
When Yao Zhengang told us what happened , he said , " My father had never bought me so many tasty foods before .
On that day , he bought me a lot of tasty food while we were in the county , but he did not eat any himself . "
I thought about this at that time .
After I heard this incident , I particularly understood what was in the mind of Yao Zhengang 's father .
He might have felt especially guilty toward his child .
What he felt was that " I go out to work and leave my child home . "
He said that his child had also said , " When he was at home , he always encouraged me . "
He would say , " No problem . You work hard and get a better grade next time , " when I had low grades .
If he could receive many , such encouragements , he would not have um , um , disliked school sometimes .
He does not want to go to school now .
However , in his example , I could imagine what went through his father 's mind at that time .
I think that he felt very guilty toward his child .
Therefore , I can feel that um , um , parents who work in the city also have no alternative .
They are forced into making such decisions .
Um , there was also this child .
There was a child , a girl in Xixiang county , Shaanxi province .
Um , when I asked , " What do you think are the changes that your parents working in the city have caused you ? " She did not answer .
She went home to get a small box .
There was a small finger inside the box .
This was a very terrifying incident .
What was the small finger all about ?
What happened was that when her um , parents left to work in the city , her grandparents looked after her .
They had a cellar at home and inside was a hay cutter for cutting hay .
When she went downstairs to play by herself , an accident happened .
Her grandparents said , " We ca n't help .
We ca n't keep an eye on her all the time . "
, before they went to work in the city , they could watch her and forbade her to go down to the cellar .
He had told her not to do that before .
However , I said that sometimes it is very difficult to ask children to have self control .
That was why she turned this way .
