Do the left - behind children understand why their parents work in the city ?
Um , um , we conducted a survey on this question .
We were very surprised to find that 40 percent of the left - behind children had no idea what jobs their parents held away from home .
How could that be possible ?
How could that be possible ?
We interviewed some left - behind children , their custodians , and the people who work in the city .
Why would n't the children know what they did ?
First , we can tell from the content of the three - minute telephone conversations we mentioned earlier that children are particularly concerned about the safety of the parents who work in the city .
However , a lot of the work that the parents engaged in is dangerous work , including coalmines , construction , and some others , many of them are dangerous jobs .
Thus , I believe the parents of these left - behind children also choose not to take the initiative and tell them the nature of their job .
Why do they do that ?
It is because they are afraid that their children will worry .
Second , , parents , especially fathers , who work in the city have a particularly lofty image in the children 's mind .
Maybe they do not want their children to know about the nature of their job or tell them what they do .
They , do not want to destroy the lofty image of themselves in the child 's mind .
At noon , the maternal grandmother and maternal grandfather went to work in the field and did not come home .
Jiang Beiwen has to make lunch for himself .
This happens to him very often .
He could look after himself since he was nine .
What work are you going to do today , other than cooking ?
Uh , I will do the dishes after I finish eating .
If it is Sunday when I am free , I will , also do some farm work .
What kind of work ?
Uh , I will hoe the field , uh , when we are in a hurry to till the land for growing crops , I will help do some work .
Do you still remember your mother 's cooking ?
Uh huh , I do .
It was especially tasty .
Now , the most I want to know is , my parents ' health .
Why do you want to know about that ?
It is because I care about my parents very much .
I think about their work because I know that they work in the city because of me , so I care about them a lot .
They will be worn out from working in the city , working in the city to make money .
I believe it is also because of me , so I care about their health a lot .
Because of you , why is it because of you ?
Because if they did n't have me , I think they uh , would be a lot more , relaxed when they worked .
