Morgan Grenfell Group PLC said #Gen:ADDR John Craven, group chief executive officer, is taking over the chairmanship of the merchant banking group from Sir Peter Carey, who is retiring.
Mr. Carey will remain a member of the merchant bank's board.
Mr. Craven is widely credited #Gen:ACT with refocusing Morgan Grenfell's energies on its core corporate finance, fund management and banking activities over the past year.
Last year, Morgan Grenfell shut down its ailing #Cor:ACT U.K. securities operations.
Mr. Craven said #Gen:ADDR his move to the chairmanship means he will take a less active role in the day-to-day management of the group, but he added that the merchant bank's strategic focus remains unchanged.
Mr. Craven joined Morgan Grenfell as group chief executive in May 1987, a few months after the resignations of former Chief Executive Christopher Reeves and other top officials because of the merchant bank's role in Guinness PLC's controversial takeover of Distiller's Co. in 1986.
Morgan Grenfell had advised Guinness on the bid, which was surrounded by allegations that Guinness used artificial means to #Cor:ACT support the bid's value.
Morgan Grenfell said #Gen:ADDR Michael Dobson, currently group deputy chief executive, will assume #Gen:ORIG the chief executive position.
The merchant bank also announced #Gen:ADDR that finance director David Eward is taking early retirement for personal reasons.
His duties will be taken over by Anthony Richmond-Watson, who has been #Gen:ACT elected deputy chairman.
News of Mr. Eward's retirement comes one day after Morgan said #Gen:ADDR that Christopher Whittington resigned as chairman of Morgan's banking subsidiary to #PersPron:ACT join a financial services firm.
Mr. Craven said #Gen:ADDR both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to #Cor:ACT leave the bank earlier, but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to #Cor:ACT remain until the bank was in a healthy position.
``If there's any coincidence about the departures it's that they are leaving #PersPron:PAT at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well .''
Last month, Morgan Grenfell announced #Gen:ADDR its pretax profit rose 49.6% to # 32.8 million in the first half, boosted #Cor:PAT by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business.
