The hot dialogue ... that went on between -LSB- -LSB- -LSB- Saddam Hussein and Rumsfeld -RSB- -RSB- -RSB- at the airport prison .
Collaborator
Details of the minutes of the meeting between Rumsfeld and Saddam Hussein at the Airport Prison ...
Washington offers Saddam a television appearance to stop the Resistance in return for his freedom .
Baghdad - INA - from Aras An Nasiri
Minutes of the dialogue between Saddam and Rumsfeld from trusted American sources .
What follows is the text of the minutes
At the start of the conversation President Saddam appeared extremely calm .
Perhaps he was surprised that his guest was Rumsfeld , but he did not appear at all nervously tense .
Rumsfeld began the conversation by saying Rumsfeld : I came to meet you to negotiate the situation in Iraq ; we have made contact with some of your followers inside and outside Iraq , they have advised us to listen to you .
Saddam Hussein : So what do you want ?
Your forces have occupied the territory of the proud Iraq , you have brought down the governing regime without a legal support ,
you have assaulted the sovereignty of an independent free sovereign country ,
you have committed crimes which history will record against you as evidence of your blood - stained civilization .
So what do you want after all that ?
Rumsfeld -LRB- trying to suppress his anger -RRB- : What 's past is past , I came especially to make you a clear and specific offer and I want to hear from you a clear and definite answer .
Saddam Hussein -LRB- mockingly -RRB- : I thought you had come to apologize and restore power to the Iraqis .
Rumsfeld : We have nothing to apologize for , you constituted a danger to your neighbors and tried to acquire weapons of mass destruction and practiced dictatorship over your people and so it was only natural that we extended our hand to the people of Iraq to rid them of the perils which had confronted them for more than three decades .
Saddam Hussein : I know that you are ignorant of history , and I know that your president is no less ignorant but it seems that you have continued to lie to the extent that you now believe yourselves .
If " by our neighbors " you mean the Zionist Entity then we did indeed form a danger , we were preparing to liberate our ravished territory in Palestine .
This is the wish of every Arab person and not just every Iraqi .
For this is Arab land and its people are Arab , and the Zionists are the ones who occupied the land and came to us from all over the world with your help , yours , and that of the old imperial powers .
But if you meant Kuwait , I want to ask you .
Did you withdraw from Kuwait or not ?
Rumsfeld : These are security issues .
Besides , there are security agreements between us and Kuwait and the other Gulf states ... we came at their request to protect them from your threats .
Saddam Hussein : Is n't funny that the wolf is being entrusted with the sheep ?
The people of Kuwait are an Arab people .
And Kuwait is Iraqi territory , therefore I ask you to read history carefully , although I am certain that you wo n't comprehend it .
Rumsfeld : Stop from this drivel , I am offering you ...
Saddam Hussein -LRB- interrupting -RRB- : Before you offer me your rotten goods , I ask you did you find weapons of mass destruction in Iraq or not ?
Rumsfeld -LRB- disconcerted -RRB- : We have n't found them yet , but we will surely find them one day .
Do you deny that you had intentions to manufacture a nuclear bomb ?
Saddam Hussein : We have had no weapons of mass destruction since 1991 , we were truthful when we spoke with the international inspection mission , we were truthful in our letters to Kofi Annan , you knew these facts but you were looking for any pretext to occupy Iraq and topple its legitimate authority .
Rumsfeld : The Iraqis received us with overwhelming happiness and welcomed us , because of the practices of your bloody regime over the course of all those years in which you governed Iraq .
Saddam Hussein : Please , Mr Rumsfeld , enough lying .
You are the ones who have opened the floodgates to cascades of blood on the soil of Iraq , you plotted against us and got some traitors to take over power over the land of the great Iraq .
Rumsfeld : Those you are calling traitors have been chosen by the Iraqi people as their leaders by democratic means and free elections , something that did not take place during your rule over the country .
Saddam Hussein : I found out that you had come with a troop of traitors led by Talabani -LRB- laughs mockingly -RRB- .
Great Iraq is being ruled by Talabani and Jaafari .
Is n't this ridiculous ?
Then , which elections are you talking about ?
Is it permissible for what you call free elections to be held under your occupation of our country ?
Mr Rumsfeld , we have learned from history that the occupier will not bring except his assistants and lackeys , and you want , after all that , to convince me that the people of Iraq enjoy freedom and democracy ?
You are truly delusional .
Rumsfeld -LRB- barely able to contain his anger -RRB- : You are isolated and do not know the facts of what is happening on the outside .
The Iraqi people have been liberated from your oppression , if they saw you or any of your men in the street they would kill you .
