Saddam Hussein : I am not looking for opportunities , I am not looking for a way to save my neck from the gallows which you have set up for the whole of Iraq .
If I wanted that I would have accepted the Russian offer and saved my two sons and my grandson from martyrdom .
I do not know what the fate of my family and my daughters and grandchildren is , but be sure that I am concerned for every Iraqi citizen and the future of the Great Iraq more than I am concerned with myself and my family .
You have previously made me an offered before this through your men that I say the weapons of mass destruction were smuggled to Syria , and you said that the price was my release .
I refused and I repeat the refusal once again .
Rumsfeld : I do not want a refusal from you , I want you to think about it .
We are currently re-evaluating our positions , we want to stop the bloodshed on both sides and so our offer is made from the point of strength and not from the point of weakness .
We asked Jalal Talabani to make a statement in which he denies any intention to execute you as a sign of good will from us .
We are ready to review our position completely on the entire political process in Iraq and we will hold a dialogue with you and with your men on this matter .
Saddam Hussain : Are you ready to withdraw or not ?
Rumsfeld : We could discuss re-deployment , our forces have prepared bases for long - term stay .
We could withdraw from the streets and the towns but we will stay in the bases for a some time .
Saddam Hussein : Then you want a new lackey to be added to this queue of lackeys .
No Mr. Rumsfeld .. do n't forget that you are speaking with Saddam Hussein , the president of the state of Iraq .
Rumsfeld : But you have lost power .
Saddam Hussein : I have only honor left and honor can not be sold or bought .
Rumsfeld : But life has a value that is priceless .
Saddam Hussein : There is no value to a life without honor , and you robbed Iraq of its honor when you desecrated its land .
We will get our honor back whether Saddam Hussein survives or becomes a martyr .
Rumsfeld : Your followers with whom we entered into a dialogue have told us that the decisions will be yours , first and last .
Were they expecting your reaction ?
Saddam Hussein : For sure , they know that Saddam Hussain can not back down at the expense of his nation and its honor .
Rumsfeld : History will hold you responsible for the blood which is being spilled in Iraq .
Saddam Hussein : On the contrary , history will judge you because of your crimes ..
I warned you in advance when I said to you that you will commit suicide on the walls of Baghdad , and here you are paying the price .
I ask you to go to London and read the records of the British Foreign Office to find out some of the characteristics of the struggle of the Iraqi people against your British friends whose mistakes you are repeating and making them participate with you .
The Iraqi people are an obstinate people and do not fear death ... the Resistance is stronger than you imagine and therefore I predict there 'll be more .
End of the text of the meeting minutes ... the source
May your steps in doing good be like someone walking on sand ... he makes no sound but his tracks are obvious .
MOTAAWEN@HOTMAIL.COM
Over the sun
http://alsaha.fares.net/sahat?128@96.GdrOcqF3AIR.21@.3ba9a044
Details of the minutes of the meeting between Rumsfeld and Saddam Hussein at the Airport Prison .
The Amateur
Rumsfeld : We have nothing to apologize for .
You were a danger to your neighbors and tried to acquire weapons of mass destruction .
And you practiced dictatorship over your people .
and so it was natural that we extended our hand to the people of Iraq to rid them of the perils which had confronted them for more than three decades .
And did Rumsfeld free Iraq from dangers ?
He is really delusional ...
I have reservations about what appeared in these minutes ... because I think it unlikely that what happened at that meeting would leak out this easily ...
And I do not believe that Rumsfeld would meet Saddam unless Saddam himself made signs ... the important thing is that the expression quoted above tells of a reality that can not be but accepted ...
May God the Great forgive me .
Collaborator
My brother , Over the Sun . I apologize for repeating the article , and thank you for participating .
May your steps in doing good be like someone walking on sand ... he makes no sound but his tracks are obvious .
MOTAAWEN@HOTMAIL.COM
Cooperator
My brother Amateur Thank you for participating .
May your steps in doing good be like someone walking on sand ... he makes no sound but his tracks are obvious .
MOTAAWEN@HOTMAIL.COM
