4. This will really be beneficial in establishing a soft - landing market economy system .
In recent years China 's rate of state financial growth has been higher than economic growth ; this is a highly abnormal phenomenon , and in terms of economic theory it is highly adverse for sustained , healthy growth of the national economy .
The blood has all been pumped out of the national economy ; it 's like eating up all the seeds sown in the spring .
The proportion of financial revenues from the personal income tax is about 6 % .
If we cancel out this 6 % , we can slow down financial growth .
And in the Chinese economic cycle , excessive financial investment is not a good thing for economic growth and the establishment of a true market economy system .
Compared to market investment , the efficiency of financial investment is less than half .
And when there is too much financial investment , corruption is everywhere , all the time .
5. It promotes the establishment of a harmonious society .
Chinese and foreign history amply demonstrates that a harmonious society is an olive - shaped society : the distribution of numbers of poor , middle - class and wealthy people making up the society is small at either end and larger in the middle , with 40 % or more of the society being middle class .
Chinese society is 80 % poor people , 20 % wealthy ; there is no stable middle class , or it floats between the lower levels of the wealthy and the upper end of the poor and is highly unstable .
There is no way this " 2/8 " social structure can establish a harmonious society .
Eliminating the personal income tax to accumulate wealth for the people will be beneficial in producing and nourishing a middle class and will promote the creation of a harmonious society .
In short , if our personal income tax policy can not help the poor get rich , and is unable to limit the excessive increase in wealth among the rich , then it is better not to have this kind of personal income tax .
We need to adopt this kind of strategic insight when we consider this matter , so as to benefit the country and the people .
This essay is dedicated to all the hardworking people of the world .
