Advice to Wu Jinglian and Others : Killing the Father -- Does You No Good ! .
613305
Posted by -LSB- Little Peng Zhongyi -RSB- at Jan 3 , 2007 18:53:26 -LSB- SMS -RSB- -LSB- Tables -RSB- .
Advice to Wu Jinglian and Others : Killing the Father -- Does You No Good ! .
-- Some Thoughts on the Attitude of Benign Inheritance towards Social Reform .
A glance at the title , people with a little political sensitivity may roughly understand the core topic of this article : the rule of benign interaction between planned economy and market economy , and between public ownership and private ownership -- because only their relationships are those between a father and a son , and it is only between them are there different conflicts involving " human relations , " " rules " and " science , " as well as bloody wrestling between classes , factions and individuals on the basis of morality and interests .
Comparing planned economy and public ownership to a father is tantamount to comparing market economy and private ownership to a son , which holds water principally and historically no matter you put it this way or another .
This is because the former two given " fatherhood " are indeed the most essential factors of the national character and institution of the socialist new China , while the latter two dubbed " son " in this article -- are indeed the ideological outcomes derived after the death of China 's founder Comrade Mao Zedong under tremendous international and domestic political pressures on planned economy and public ownership , which grew into today 's para-system after about 30 years of reform and opening up .
Regarding this , the factual development process of political civilization that the Marxist ideology has been increasingly marginalized over the past 30 years or so is a strong evidence .
By sorting out the essence of the above historical background and conceptual relationships , we will have a pretty thorough , comprehensive and systematic knowledge framework about the benign inevitable trends and development guidelines of the future society dependent on the rule of society , so that the associated impression captured may be more concrete .
Regarding this , my standpoint is : because the socialism underpinned by planned economy , public ownership and the people 's democratic dictatorship is indeed a really " fresh " systemic thing for China in the mid and late 20th century -- without a model or sufficient experience or theories to refer to , no matter how scientific its kernel is , it is hard not to have certain superficial and local problems .
However , this should not provide an excuse to overthrow it by fair means or foul , as he is our father and the common choice of millions of laboring people .
The fact that it " finally became our national character and main system after over half a century of international and domestic political transformation " is a stronger proof that it is the milestone for a new civilization resulted from the blood and sweat of thousands of proletarian revolutionary martyrs .
