2. The personal income tax is absolutely unable to control the accumulation of wealth by the rich .
We should not entertain any illusions that China 's income tax can in any way regulate income distribution , much less that it can " take from the rich and give to the poor . "
In Chinese society , 20 % of the people hold 80 % of social wealth , and 80 % of the people are able to use only 20 % of the social wealth to suffer through their lives .
In China , freedom , human rights , democracy , happiness and all the other most effective benefits that society can offer refer only to 20 % of the people .
Western countries that attack China for not having human rights , democracy and freedom are quite wrong ; these 20 % of upper - class citizens have broader human rights , democracy and freedom than do Western societies .
When God looks at China , he sees only these 20 % ; the other 80 % he ca n't see clearly .
The income of the vast majority of these 20 , of upper - class citizens in China is basically unreported income ; the proportion of their income that comes from fully declared earnings is a negligible part of their wealth .
Only if China eliminated unreported income would the income tax have an effect on rich people .
And if China wants to eliminate unreported income , to date there is no sign of that , and there is no compelling evidence to explain when China might eliminate unreported income .
Anyhow , it is not something our generation will see .
That is why the income tax has no effect on regulating the wealth of China 's rich people .
It does however have a highly restrictive effect on the ability of poor people to get rich .
A very simple explanation is that poor people are all wage earners who rely on fully declared wages for their living ; they do not have unreported income .
Fully 100 % of their income falls within the income - tax field of vision , so they ca n't escape even if they wanted to .
Add to this the fact that the threshold is under the level required to meet the necessary expenditures to maintain the basic necessities of life , and the poor are completely stymied .
" Dragons give birth to dragons , phoenixes to phoenixes ; the son of a bandit will live in a cave . "
" The children of poor people are always poor . "
With the previous 800 yuan income tax threshold , if it were strictly enforced , 80 % of beggars would have to pay .
With a threshold set below 5000 yuan , this generation of poor people need not think about buying a home or driving a car .
They will always be poor .
Of course , many children of poor people are able to get rich , but this came about because the parents struggled harder , tightening their belts and " skimping on food and clothing " for themselves .
Now how many university students who have received acceptance notifications are unable to enroll , and how many enrolled university students from the countryside have parents who are living through unimaginably hard times ?
In Western countries , the personal income tax is the most effective means of controlling excessively high incomes among the rich .
But these are countries ruled by law , where official income is all recorded , citizen 's incomes are fully transparent , and therefore the personal income tax can easily achieve the effect of regulating income distribution .
The situation in China is not like that ; if the personal income tax has an effect , it 's to increase financial revenues , and it has absolutely no income - regulating effect .
3. Eliminating the income tax will benefit peasants .
The vast majority of China 's 900 million peasants are unable to reach the income level for paying income tax .
But the peasants have contractual land , they have a low - consumption rural lifestyle and conditions , and they have basic housing .
But if people in the cities do n't have money , everything is a struggle .
If they go shopping for food by bike , they have to pay 20 cents for parking .
They ca n't not pay the rent or they 'll have to sleep on the street .
In terms of macroeconomic law , the distribution of wealth in Chinese society is set at 2/8 , with the 20 % of wealthy people holding 80 % of the social wealth , and the 80 % of poor people holding just 20 % of the social wealth .
The personal income tax threshold is too low , the urban population is too large , and the population participating in the 20 % that goes to peasants is even greater , so the peasants ultimately have to get a reduced share of this 20 % .
If we eliminate the personal income tax , the number of poor people in the cities will be reduced , and the people participating in the peasant struggle for this 20 % will be reduced , which will benefit the peasants .
In China the wealthy will always hold 80 % of the social wealth ; there has never been a softhearted rich person .
