Well , ah , Yang Yang , you work at Traffic Radio Station , ha , well , and we know that you all gave an extensive live broadcast this morning .
A special program .
Yes , a special program on this traffic .
So , let 's first turn our attention to the impact on traffic after the accident .
Judging from the traffic control measures taken after the accident , as well as the eventual impact caused , what do you think are the effects ?
Actually , concerning this , I think both of you are very familiar with the traffic in Beijing .
Previously we had a statistic , especially for the ring roads in Beijing .
That is , if we have an ordinary fender bender or tailgate accident on a bridge such as the Jingguang Bridge of the Third Ring Road , it might cause the entire Third Ring Road to have bumper - to - bumper traffic jams during these morning and evening peak periods .
Uh-huh .
It might even impact traffic on the Second Ring Road and Fourth Ring Road .
Well , ah , if there is an accident , from the time it occurs until the time all traffic is cleared , it probably takes about half an hour to an hour during peak periods .
Well , we could not imagine imposing temporary traffic restriction measures on a long section of road stretching from Jingguang Bridge to Changhong Bridge from the south all the way to Guomao Bridge , blocking the main and side roads .
Well , the situation would be unthinkable during this peak period that is the first day of work for everyone .
Hence , at that time , before 6:30 a .m . today , before our live broadcast , we moved the broadcast forward , and before the live broadcast we were very worried .
However , actually after the entire day today , I came here right after ending the live broadcast this evening to continue with the live broadcast here , in fact , in Beijing today people indeed experienced an extremely high volume of traffic flow on the roads surrounding the section under traffic control , and indeed there was a very big traffic jam .
Uh-huh .
However , the affected area was not as large as expected .
Moreover , some people made detours once they received the news .
Right .
Psychologically , people felt quite relieved .
Because I know this situation .
Right , like those whom we interviewed just now .
It was easy to handle once everyone understood .
Yes , ah , , a citizen , he said , I set out today before the incident , and I did not drive after I was informed .
That person did not even drive .
Right .
Actually , in this aspect , I think that citizens were really quite cooperative .
For instance , this evening , we , received an SMS .
A friend said , I work on the 12th floor of the China World Trade Center at the Guomao Bridge , ah .
We were discussing that we could go home in fewer cars since everyone was on the same route .
Later on , we suggested to him and said , you , ah , might as well take the subway , because you can directly reach the subway once you get down from the China World Trade Center .
Right .
Hey , he said this was quite a good idea .
Actually , I think everyone was quite cooperative and also quite supportive in this aspect .
