Uh-huh .
Well , what measures did the traffic control department eventually take to direct traffic ?
Our correspondent specially interviewed Director Meng Xianlong , Mr. Meng Xianlong , of the Command Center of the Beijing Municipal Traffic Administration .
Let 's hear what Director Meng said .
Um , our traffic control department immediately activated the traffic emergency response plan .
In the roads close to where the problem emerged , we first set up traffic diversion points for traffic control at the southern and northern ends .
In this way , all vehicles going along East Third Ring Road had to make a detour to go on roads on the east and west sides .
East Third Ring Road is a traffic artery in the east of Beijing that links the north and the south .
In order to ensure smooth traffic in the eastern district , we formulated a set of traffic diversion control plans .
We set up traffic diversion points at 68 locations along East Second Ring Road , East Fourth Ring Road , West Dawang Road , ah , and related roads to the east and west , and deployed more than 210 additional police officers to divert and direct traffic .
It can be said that measures were very promptly taken .
Ah , today is the first workday after the New Year holiday .
Well , what exactly was the situation this morning ?
We specially sent a reporter to the scene this morning to shoot some footage .
Let 's take a look at the situation this morning through this footage .
Well , from this footage , we can see that , ha , at East Third Ring Road , ah , near Guanghua Bridge , the roads here that lead to the vicinity of Jingguang Bridge have come under control and , well , various kinds of signs have also been placed at very conspicuous locations .
Although the outdoor temperature in Beijing has fallen to minus 3 degrees , the traffic police deployed additional manpower on the roads to direct traffic , ah , and guide drivers in making detours .
Well , since direction of traffic was carried out on the periphery , the number of vehicles at the section of the accident was significantly less than usual , with road traffic very orderly .
