Well , what in fact was the content of that SMS ?
Let 's take a look via this footage , ha .
I remember the SMS was written like this at that time , saying that , ah , there was a sewage pipe leakage accident on the side road at the southeast corner of Jingguang Bridge at East Third Ring Road , and , well , traffic supervision was implemented near Chaoyang Road , Jingguang Bridge , and East Third Ring Road , and requesting cars to make a detour .
Some car owners said that it was very good that the SMS was sent .
Furthermore , there was one last sentence in that SMS thanking citizens for their cooperation and support .
Ah , after the SMS was sent , , I felt it seems to be the first time that Beijing Municipality , ah , used an SMS to give notification at the time of a public emergency .
I do n't know , all of us are living in Beijing , is this the first time , Professor Zhou ?
Yes , in terms of an official notification , this should be the first time one was sent officially through 1860 .
Uh-huh .
Of course , in private life , people have used SMS countless times to spread news .
Yes .
Other places in the country must have used this too .
Uh-huh , uh-huh .
Must have used this too .
Actually , I remember receiving an SMS like this one last year before it snowed , since snowfall would affect road conditions in Beijing to a rather large extent .
Uh-huh .
However , it did not give people such a special feeling as it did this time .
Uh-huh .
Ah , when an SMS is sent to inform citizens of such an incident , can it be considered a work method or expression of government information transparency ?
Yes , this is indeed through the very successful response to this emergency , ah , by Beijing Municipality , Uh-huh . an extremely good point that is worth pondering deeply , worthy innovation .
Uh-huh .
For instance , previously our news announcements were made through some conventional methods , but this time it was made in the form of a mobile phone SMS .
In fact , this is a method highly emphasized in various countries ' development of e-government .
