We usually make it sound like e-government is something unattainable .
Yes , when we talked about e-government in the past , it seemed to be only done through the Internet .
Right .
It seemed that computers , ah , and the Internet , ah , were an expression of e-government , to let people find out information .
Well , presently in fact , e-governments in various countries apply this so - called last multiple - exposure method , such as call centers , such as electronic IDs , and such as , these electronic signatures .
These are quite sophisticated forms .
Uh-huh .
In particular , more terminals , such as , this cable television , ah , , this digital television , ah , and mobile phone SMS , are applied in e-government .
Hence , I think this is , a test of e-government because , as I remember , during SARS in 2003 , people at that time criticized e-government during the spread of SARS , ah .
Uh-huh .
They said that e-government was very good but was not put into use .
Well , this time I think that a short SMS like this can fully create interaction between the government and the public through this e-government form .
Uh-huh .
Yes .
We drive often in Beijing , ha , Yang Yang .
If people were not informed of such a traffic accident through SMS on that day and they continued to head there , what do you think would happen if people did not know what was going on and the jam did not clear ?
Yes .
Ah , well , I think it would have been real paralysis .
This is the most appropriate word to use .
Furthermore , I think that when SMS was used to announce the news , it should be said to have fit the conditions in our China very well .
Why is that so ?
This is because , it should be said that China is the country with the highest SMS usage .
There are probably not as many chances to use SMS in foreign countries compared with domestically , in China , ah .
So , it can be said that penetration was quite high this time , by using the most familiar method , most used by everyone , as well as the most prompt and most convenient method , for the announcement .
Yes , I noticed that many friends , around me received it .
It seems that almost everyone received this SMS .
Yes .
Yes .
The effect was extremely good , ha .
