Well , ah , Professor Zhou , as this incident involved many departments after it took place , how do you think the various departments should coordinate between themselves ?
Yes .
This is also --
It is not the case that this problem will be totally solved when one department shows up .
Yes , I think as we build this kind , er , of public , this kind of emergency mechanism for public incidents , ah , has been the , most difficult to resolve , an actual problem that has been the most difficult to resolve among administrative management reforms in various countries .
How many groups of people will be sent ?
Many groups .
Yes , this is because social management requires division of labor in society .
It is necessarily a labor division trend that involves many departments , and in addition , a kind of modern management public administration model which is diversified .
Uh-huh .
How can cooperation be formed between departments in this kind of situation ?
Well , sometimes under normal circumstances , sometimes , we often feel that it is very difficult for departments to cooperate with one another .
For instance , there are too many law enforcement departments and , ah , too many administrative departments , and very often in the end , they are unable to coordinate .
However , this time , through the execution of emergency contingency plans by Beijing Municipality this time , ah , it should be said that the response speed of the different departments of Beijing Municipality , as well as the integrated emergency mechanisms , played a great role .
Hence , I think this was also a kind of , er , trial of interdepartmental cooperation mechanisms .
Uh-huh .
It was a very successful , er , response .
I think many good things can be summed up from this .
Yes .
Yang Yang , based on your understanding , ah , as pipes that directly affect many common people 's lives were damaged after the accident , based on your understanding of the situation , how was remedial work carried out ?
For instance , it is very cold during winter in Beijing , and the temperature last night dropped to one of the lowest points recently .
Er , heating pipes were indeed damaged .
Well , at the time , it affected residents living in an area of about 70,000 square meters of Beijing .
Well , , in this regard , the Chaoyang district government did a very good job .
After it , er , received this order from the municipal government , it immediately sent , electric heaters to residents in more than 200 households within this area .
It should be said that many residents spent quite a warm night at home yesterday .
Well , furthermore , in the emergency repair process , ah , it should be said that the heating pipeline was restored relatively quickly .
Hence , over here , I think the municipal government , ah , including sub-district offices , made a lot of effort to take good care of resident households .
I think it was done in a very humanitarian manner .
Uh-huh .
Uh-huh .
