But %uh , yeah ,
it 's still a fairly expensive call
%uh but it 's a lot less expensive if we do it that way than if we actually make my parents in law pay it ,
then it
the Dutch have such high taxes on those
they consider it a luxury to call around the world
so they tax it really high .
Anyway %um
So you guys will be in either the eighteenth or the nineteenth
and you 're going to go to %uh Amsterdam .
Well I would say is once you 're at a hotel uh-huh %um , why do n't you call me at work and let me know where you are ,
and then we can make arrangements that day %um , that I can meet you in Amsterdam .
And maybe I 'll come by , public transport .
It 's probably easier for me to come by public transport in Amsterdam than it is for me to come by car to be honest .
mhm .
The streets are small
and there 's no parking .
So I probably will come by public transport
but I do n't know .
We 'll see where you 're staying
%um
and there 's a lot more for you guys if you want to see stuff
you can see stuff in Amsterdam
and %uh since the days are really long ,
I mean it stays light here till about ten thirty eleven o'clock mhm . at night .
So if you want we can take a ride and go see stuff at night
and I can take you to some places ,
we can %uh go see some stuff .
%um , depends on what you guys want to see .
So you guys should pick out the things you want to see and let me know .
okay
%um and I 'll sit and talk with Anya about some things that maybe we think that it would be neat for you to see .
So if you do n't have any ideas we 'll just put something together for you .
okay .
%um but yeah
but I can pick you up th- ,
you know I 'll probably be there some time around six
and we can like do a quick dinner or something yeah and go see whatever you want to see ,
if you want to stay in Amsterdam that 's fine .
If you want to go %uh off into the countryside somewhere and see a little bit of , echte Holland , real Holland and we can do that too .
Actually I 've been up to Holland before .
Spent about two weeks up there .
yeah .
So %um ,
but that was years and years ago .
With your parents when your father was stationed over here , right ?
yeah .
But we got to see Den Haag and places like that too which we 're obviously not going to see this time .
But %um
has Kim been here before ?
And , an-
No .
oh good .
But then again I 'm not sure that Kim would be interested in seeing Shape Headquarters and you know all that kind of stuff . those military things .
Would you be interested in seeing Shape Headquarters again .
No . Not really .
yeah .
I did n't think so .
Somehow I had this feeling that the military taste had been beaten out of you .
yep .
I 'm ,
the mil- ,
I ca n't say too bad things about the military though .
They still have my goods
and they 'll probably hold them hostage .
And they own my body and soul for like another four years
so I just got to pray that they
oh do they ?
yeah .
I owe four years in active reserve time .
aw great .
Do they do that to everyone ?
Milo , get out of there
yeah -- -- %eh everyone %uh who has n't been like you were
you went through like the thirty six two process .
mhm .
So you do n't have it
but yeah if you just separate normally and you have n't served at least eight years , then you owe it .
And that 's one of those things they just never tell you up front .
No .
They never said anything
I figured there was something like that because
And I was in the inactive reserves the entire time I was in college too .
So .
yeah .
