And what 's actually kind of interesting is I kept telling Neil that I thought that this was kind of significant .
And Neil kept writing back that I should tone this part of the thesis down that You know , people see the anti phased motion ,
and it 's true
they do in the transients
And I was having a lot of trouble getting across to him that all of the literature has this frequency in the transients Yes . %eh and not driven .
And , %uh , what happened was after I had turned in my thesis but before I saw Neil again , he went to a conference in Rochester and there this was a big issue among the people who were doing this work , was , that their models could n't show this as a driven frequency ,
yet their experiments showed it as a driven frequency .
oh cool .
and so Neil then -- Said oh just a second I -- like a week later came to Bryn Mawr
and he said , hey Lowell , we got to write this up .
Exactly .
And I was like , well I 've been telling you that Neil .
Indeed .
So Cool . Cool . that 's mostly the sort of stuff that I 'm spending a lot of time on now . %um
Well it 'll look good on your C V , your resume .
so you might as well spend the time .
Yes , well ,
%uh , no , it 's definitely worth doing . %um ,
and I would have been spending more time on it if it were n't for %uh dealing with the burglary issues oh yeah but that I 've been dealing with .
So are you still living in that house in the middle of the park .
Yes .
yeah , okay .
yeah .
I mean the thing that i-
this place is incredibly easy to break into if you want to .
oh .
It 's not a question of whether or not , %uh you know , that was easy ,
it was just that no one really knew it was worth breaking into .
Exactly .
Exactly .
yeah .
And so the problem is that now they found out that it 's worth breaking into .
yeah .
And unfortunately .
Well , it 's kind of odd .
They 've stolen very weird things for the most part .
%hm .
as far
yeah
as a .
The first time they broke in , what they stole was just bizarre ,
mostly worthless stuff .
And , %uh %huh the most worthwhile thing as far as monetary value went that they stole was the pre-amplifier of my stereo . Unfortunately , because it 's a nice pre-amplifier ,
it has an off board power supply which they did n't steal , which makes the thing that they **stoled** absolutely worthless .
%huh .
So .
That 's bizarre . Bizarre .
so when they broke in the second time did they steal the %uh offboard amplifier ?
Actually , no ,
all they stole the second time was my bike .
%huh .
Which was actually where the major problem came . Exactly . Exactly . yeah . Is that I suddenly had no transportation .
And so , I then had to go bike hunting and eventually get another bike ,
and %mm . that cost me a lot of time .
yeah .
Exactly .
Because ,
yes
Spending a lot of time hunting for bikes , and nah well . then getting one purchased , and then having to , you know , go get it and things like that .
But , that 's dealt with at least .
And so %uh , that 's yeah at least dealt with .
Now I just have to work on the financial aspects of all of this .
But yeah . yeah .
At least Well that would make sense during the summer %uh according to the stipulations of my fellowship , I can actually earn money during the summer .
