Up next did the media get carried away with last week 's subway terror alert /?
We 'll ride the rails into the spin cycle next /.
When New York mayor Mike Bloomberg announced last week that there was a possible terror threat against the city 's subways I thought here we go again /.
And television was all over the story /.
Here in New York tonight officials say they are increasing security on the city 's massive subway system because of what they call a significant and credible threat /.
The threat to attack the subways in coming days comes from overseas /.
and the police here will be searching bags briefcases even baby strollers to try to stop it /.
It was let 's face it irresistable /.
And since it was right there in the Big Apple cable anchors and correspondents could provide almost non-stop on the scene coverage /.
The threat concerns the New York City subway system behind me around me literally beneath our feet here in Times Square /.
The Fox News alert New York City subways are on a heightened state of alert this evening after what officials are describing as a specific threat /.
And the city 's tabloids were n't far behind /.
The problem as with so many previous terror alerts is that allegations from informants are inherently shaky /.
And some correspondents offered caveats of course /.
MSNBC anchor Keith Olbermann could n't help but notice on that day October six it was news that Karl Rove had been called back to testify in the CIA leak case and the white house is being assailed by conservatives over the Harriet Miers nomination /.
events that have been politically disadvantageous to the current administration have been uh occuring simultaneously or followed quickly upon with something related to terrorism on a big scale /.
By the next morning the New York Times and the Washington Post were reporting that federal authorities were playing down the threat as noncredible /.
But the TV coverage kept rolling down the track like the number four express /.
Finally last Tuesday some newspapers and then the cable networks reported that the whole thing was a hoax /.
The CBS evening news gave that three sentences /.
Well Jim Stewart of our Washington bureau quotes government sources tonight as saying the Iraqi man who gave that tip to US intelligence agents in Iraq now says the information was simply not true /.
But that 's a lot more than NBC Nightly News and ABC 's World News Tonight which did n't mention the great subway hoax at all /.
In an age of terror such threats obviously need to be reported /.
but given the unreliability of intelligence television ought to learn a lesson here about not going on high alert and scaring people /.
