Tanshui is a place of many historic sites , a place that invites reflection on things past .
In the " foreign district , " a missionary named George Mackay established the first hospital for Western medicine in Taiwan ; it was here that in 1878 the first case of paragonimiasis in the world was diagnosed .
The old church next to the hospital is a mecca for Tanshui painters .
The schools , homes , and consulates in the foreign district - some long gone , some still standing - testify to the fact that this was a place of intensive interaction between Chinese and Western cultures .
If you go up Sanmin Street , you will discover the head of an old and disused water pipe .
This could be a relic left behind by one of the major Japanese infrastructure projects , the first tap water station .
Or you could walk instead next to the MRT station and see another first for Taiwan : the first seaplane landing area , also built in the Japanese occupation era .
Or you could visit the venerable Tamkang Secondary School .
As you watch the children laughing and arguing and playing , you can think back to the time when the Japanese government did not allow Taiwanese and Japanese to attend school together .
Under those circumstances , Tamkang Middle School became a cradle for the training of Taiwanese elites .
Gradually you will discover that Tanshui is a bookish place .
This little town has everything from nursery schools to graduate schools .
During the reign of the Guangxu emperor of the Qing dynasty -LRB- which began in 1875 -RRB- , and prior to the beginning of the Japanese occupation in 1895 , Tanshui produced two successful candidates in the highest level military exam , one in the highest level civil exam , and countless successes in lower - level imperial exams .
Even in modern times , the town has not passed up chances to embrace knowledge : When the idea of founding Tam - kang University in Tanshui was going to be abandoned because of a lack of land and money , local residents offered cheap land , donated money , and lobbied so that the university could set its roots in town .
These historic sites are near the river , but do n't spend all your time there .
Do n't forget the Tatun Mountains , which shelter the town .
In the old days , Tanshui folk who cultivated farms on the slopes had to walk for an hour to get to their crops .
These days you can take a local mini-bus .
In the mountains you will see the occasional terraced field grown over with weeds .
This land , which has gone from grass to grain and back to grass again , is where many an old Tanshui native played when they were children .
