The weeping river
Have you heard of the weeping junks ?
During the Sino - French war , Taiwan governor Liu Mingchuan , attempting to obstruct a French landing , scuttled several of these boats .
It is said that , late at night , the sunken junks make moaning sounds .
But I think that it may be the river itself that is moaning .
In 1998 , the government produced a plan for a riverside expressway to Tanshui .
The road , which was expected to have three levels , would have cut through rare mangroves and created a barrier between the river and the town of Tanshui .
If the plan had been implemented , people who wanted to go to Tanshui and gaze out over the river would have had to find some very high vantage point in town to do so !
Fortunately , thanks to efforts by cultural and environmental activists from Tanshui , the plan was first postponed , and then was ultimately killed after an environmental impact assessment released in September refused to approve the scheme .
But a question remains : Is something like this bound to come sooner or later ?
" For the purposes of development , the Tanshui coast has been constantly exploited .
But what will be result of this incessant struggle against nature ? " says an agitated Tu Hsiu - yuan .
And Hsieh Teh - hsi of the Tamsui Culture Foundation adds : " High - rises are going up one after another in Tanshui New Town [ a huge government - planned development ] , but many of the apartments remain empty .
Everybody here knows that when the northeast winds blow in during the winter , that is the coldest place around .
No wonder those apartments are not selling ! "
Tu says , with disbelief and exasperation in his voice : " Do you know that they are going to build a huge bridge between Tanshui and Pali ?
It 's such a beautiful and historic location , but they are just going to stick up a bridge there , and they are even talking about having a rotating restaurant on top ! "
Lovers of Tanshui , while keeping close watch over her , are fearful that the giant beast of development may eventually come and bulldoze Tanshui away one piece of land at a time .
They fear that their children , like they themselves , will have to search through photographs and memories to find Tanshui 's traditional simplicity and the joys of being close to nature .
When the old buildings are gone , and people lose contact with the great outdoors , will Tanshui even be worthy of its reputation anymore ?
Scattered wooden fishing boats bob in the river .
I have n't met any of the fishermen who these days go out and catch only small fry .
They might relate how in the old days they could just put a hand in the river and come up with a big catch .
The lonely fishing boats are waiting for the Tanshui - Pali ferry to pass by and say hello .
Those lanterns moving through the river are actually the ferry , while those stars flashing in the distance are beams of light that come from the lighthouse every five seconds .
It is only now that I realize that , even in the drabbest weather , Tanshui is still beautiful .
