Moving to center - stage
In the past half century or more Linpien has concentrated on a series of different forms of produce , from rice , to bananas , to prawn and eel farming , to wax apples - today 's main crop .
With Taiwan 's imminent accession to the WTO , the next big change could be just around the corner .
For example , will wax apples lose their market to imported fruit ?
And what does Linpien have to offer that other districts in the county ca n't easily duplicate ?
Yang Hung - jen , a PhD student at National Taiwan University 's Graduate Institute of Sociology , came to Linpien a year ago to research his thesis on the renewal of the local community .
" I had come to what was said to be the worst county in Taiwan for factionalism and corruption , " says Yang , " a place where the ground had sunk as much as three meters due to subsidence .
But the contrast between that image and what I actually found here was quite something . "
For Yang , the way that those most active in the renewal effort routinely pass the credit to others is itself impressive .
Linpien rose to prominence on the strength of its celebrated wax apples .
But can it now push its way to center - stage as a tourist attraction ?
Says Chen Chin - chao : " We ca n't yet say how things will turn out for Linpien .
But that 's not to be pessimistic about the town 's prospects ; it 's simply a case of not building castles in the air . "
Development of the long - promised Tapeng Bay Scenic Area is due to begin , and in 2003 the 2nd Southern Freeway will open .
Will this bring more prosperity to the area ?
Construction of a bypass around the town has already boosted property values , but what other benefits may it bring ?
A golf course is mooted , but will that mean the loss of birdwatching zones and the mangrove woods ?
Can the wax apple orchards be adapted to serve as a setting for family outings ?
And can fish farms in the locality be converted to provide housing and accommodation , and a recreation alternative for visitors ?
Can this little town make an asset of its scenic location and historical roots to attract more visitors ?
Linpien used to be little more than a brief stop for travelers on their way to the seaside resort of Kenting , but now its residents are wondering if they can turn the town into a destination in its own right .
