After assuming the presidency , Chen Shui - bian recruited a number of leading politicians , industrialists , academics and other personages for a non-partisan advisory group , intended to build cross-party consensus on the subject of relations with the mainland .
Chaired by Academia Sinica president Lee Yuan - tseh , the Presidential Advisory Group on Cross-Strait Relations first met in early September .
Since then the Group has held a series of intensive discussions on Taiwan 's fundamental position regarding the cross-strait relationship .
The Group entered the final phase of discussions on the " one China " issue during November , but differences between pro-unification and pro-independence participants continued to stymie the effort to produce a statement acceptable to all .
As DPP legislator Shen Fu - hsiung pointed out , the Group had to draft something " palatable both to the pro-unification and pro-independence camps ; something which the DPP ca n't shun and yet which does n't make Beijing wince . "
Clearly no easy task .
On the evening of November 18 Advisory Group chairman Lee Yuan - tseh , meeting over dinner with DPP faction leaders , described the cross-strait situation as extremely precarious , and said that since time is not on Taiwan 's side we need to step up efforts to resume dialogue with the mainland .
Separately , during his report to the Legislative Yuan on the Academia Sinica 's budget , Lee reiterated : " If the whole population could arrive at a consensus on ' one China , ' then President Chen would have no grounds for not accepting that consensus . "
Lee added that he hoped the Advisory Group would shortly come to a firm conclusion on the " one China " issue .
Lee Yuan - tseh 's appeal made little impression on the governing DPP , however .
Furthermore , DPP chairman Frank Hsieh himself came under fire within the party after stating : " The constitution of the ROC is itself a one China framework .
Since the DPP has participated in the process of constitutional amendment it ought to accept this constitution , and as the party of government we ca n't afford to override or reject it . "
According to DPP lawmaker Lin Cho - shui , Chen Shui - bian has shown more goodwill to Beijing as president than Lee Teng - hui ever did , but without any response -
so why should he once again be expected to respond on the " one China " issue ?
Also , Lin disagrees with Lee Yuan - tseh 's assertion that " time is not on our side , " and instead feels that things are no worse than before .
Meanwhile , the opposition alliance has been calling for the DPP to " shed its ideological baggage . "
On November 24 the New Party , which had already pulled out of the Advisory Group , published an article in the press signed by leading members such as Yu Mu - ming and Chen Kui - miao , in which they called on the government to take the constitution as its starting point for breaking the " one China " deadlock .
They pointed out that Chen and the DPP had competed in elections in accordance with the constitution , winning the presidency and a share of seats in the legislature and the National Assembly , and had also participated in the process of revising the constitution .
Now , with its constitutionally granted mandate , the party has an obligation to fully uphold the constitution .
