Dongguan appears to have a bright future .
" The Taiwan firms here now are powerful enough to get two or three members of the Legislative Yuan to represent their interests , " holds one senior reporter .
Although TBAD 's Yeh believes that investment prospects on the mainland are good , he does acknowledge the precariousness of their position in hostile territory .
Taiwan business interests can not put down their guard .
Because of Taiwan 's experience with rapid modernization , many CCP cadres have sought employment with Taiwanese firms , hoping to learn from the masters .
At the first opportunity , however , they leave to set up shop for themselves .
" The student then challenges the master , " explains Sylvia Yang , detailing how these mainland upstarts go on to compete with the very Taiwan firms that taught them all they know .
This scenario should be familiar to Taiwanese .
" It happens in Taiwan too . "
Apart from keeping up their guard , it is even more important that Taiwan firms raise their productivity and technological level .
" Many manufacturers , even those in mainland China , will not survive , " says Yeh .
Taiwan firms find it difficult to adjust to the instability of the mainland 's investment environment , as well as the laws there that seemingly change overnight .
The year before last the mainland announced a new tax system , under which raw materials imported by foreign firms would be taxed at a rate of 17 % , with 9 % being returned to the manufacturer when finished goods were exported .
" When I went to Beijing to negotiate , " recalls Yeh , " I asked cadres in the foreign trade office to consider the impact of the tax on the electronics industry .
Profit margins are at best 3 - 5 % .
How can manufacturers afford to pay a 17 % import tax ? "
In June of last year the PRC authorities announced the " Document # 35 " rules .
These stipulated that companies would be given grades according to the quantity of their exports and their records of breaking customs regulations .
Those meriting only a B would have to offer a deposit of 40 - 50 % against the value of their raw material imports .
This terrified Taiwan firms in Dongguan .
According to TBAD 's statistics , 75 % of the Taiwanese firms were given Bs .
The announcement caused quite a stir , but its effect on Taiwanese investment is as yet unclear .
In August of last year , as the mainland customs authorities took aggressive moves against smuggling , 12 Taiwan business people in Dongguan were detained .
The charges ran the gamut from not filling out proper forms to purchasing phony export contracts and trying to pass them off to customs .
Seven business people were arrested and charged with smuggling and are still in jail .
" I 'm constantly thinking about them .
I 'm meditating and have gone vegetarian , but I 'm still not at peace , " Yeh says .
On the mainland , the highest penalty for smuggling is death .
" Last year the mainland sent nine customs officers to the firing squad , " notes Yeh .
The fate of these Taiwanese businessmen will depend entirely on the mainland 's political climate .
