Fever chips
DR. Chip Bio-technology was set up in September 1998 .
Vice president Wang Shin - hwan states that the company successfully applied to the Ministry of Economic Affairs for funding to help it pursue a development program for enterovirus detection chips and test technology .
Today , the enterovirus chip is in the testing phase , and DR. Chip is collaborating with Taipei Veterans General Hospital to obtain samples with which to establish the accuracy of the chip .
What is so remarkable about the enterovirus detection chip when compared with traditional test methods ?
There are 68 known forms of non-polio enterovirus .
The detection chip does not simply determine whether a person is infected with enterovirus , but can also differentiate between different virus groups , for instance showing whether a sample contains the deadly Entero 71 virus , or Coxsackie A16 , which is easily confused with Entero 71 .
In addition , the chip and its accompanying PCR kit greatly reduce the time required for testing .
Wang Shin - hwan notes that traditional bacterial and viral cultures take seven to ten days to prepare , and even with the newer molecular biology testing techniques it takes three days to get a result .
But DR. Chip has developed methods to reduce the sample preparation time , which enables a result to be obtained in only six hours when used in combination with their enterovirus chip .
Furthermore , the initial results of joint trials by DR. Chip , Chang Gung University and National Cheng Kung University suggest that the chip is over a thousand times more sensitive than traditional test methods .
" In addition to enterovirus , we plan to develop chips to detect other infectious diseases such as hepatitis B , hepatitis C and HIV , " says Wang Shin - hwan .
Apart from the enterovirus chip , which is already at the testing stage , the ITRI 's Molecular Biomedical Technology Division is also conducting research and development on biochip applications and technology .
Research program director Pan Chao - chi states that at present they are actively developing a " fever chip " with a wide range of applications .
Pan explains that in clinical practice , the causes of fever are difficult to quickly diagnose .
A " fever chip " bearing the DNA of common fever - causing viruses and bacteria could be used to determine the cause of the fever and the type of pathogen involved would be a valuable tool .
However , Pan points out that because of the difficulties in substantially reducing the time needed for sample preparation , the usefulness of such a fever chip is still limited , so that it can not yet be widely promoted .
