The Presidential Advisory Group met again on November 26 , and discussed a proposal , made earlier by Public Television System chairman Wu Feng - shan and already favored by most members of the Group , for " one China " to be addressed through " three acknowledgements and four suggestions . "
A firm consensus was finally arrived at , and the Group submitted to the president its proposal that Taiwan should " respond to the mainland 's ' one China ' proposition in accordance with the constitution of the ROC . "
The government and opposition parties continued to disagree regarding this consensus .
DPP legislator Lin Cho - shui described it as " acceptable , if not very satisfactory . "
PFP spokesman Li Ching - an called it " a conclusion without a conclusion . "
New Party convenor Hau Lung - pin said the statement was too ambiguous , tending towards " one China , with each side free to make its own interpretation , " and added that it was highly unlikely to be used by the president as a guide for cross-strait policy .
Ting Shou - chung , deputy executive director of the KMT policy committee , said this so - called consensus was simply a case of going round and round on the spot , and would do nothing to solve the core problem .
In a November 28 press release , the Mainland Affairs Council -LRB- MAC -RRB- , the government body in charge of cross-strait affairs , diplomatically stated that it would observe and implement the suggestions of the Advisory Group if and when they become official government policy .
Speaking on the topic of the three direct links , MAC chairwoman Tsai Ing - wen said that these will be phased in according to conditions , with the first phase being the opening of direct business links as necessitated by the admission of both sides to the WTO .
And according to economics minister Lin Hsin - yi , the government recognizes that the " go slow " policy needs to be relaxed , and will give a more thorough accounting of this before the end of the year .
