People who know me know that there have always been two great loves in my life : the news , and women .
Now that I 'm in my 80s , looking back I think I can say I 've done alright in both respects , and I 've learnt that both reporting the news well , and finding favor with women , depend on your character and conduct .
Journalism is not just a profession , but should also be a vocation - you have to throw yourself fully into this infinitely broad field of endeavor .
Intellectually and spiritually , in work and in love , I have gained experience and fulfilment .
I have always remembered the encouragement which Mr. Yu Youren gave me as a young reporter .
He said that to be a fearless champion of social justice , as is expected of a journalist , the most important thing , apart from energy and vitality , is modesty .
You have to treat everybody the same , and not be overawed by the great and powerful .
A president or a street sweeper deserve the same respect as a human being , and should both be treated the same way .
Funnily enough , an unassuming attitude is also advantageous in relations with the opposite sex .
Chinese society is male dominated , and women are mostly regarded as having a subsidiary role .
In this kind of unfair situation , an upstanding man should cherish and respect women all the more .
A considerate attitude can be expressed in little things .
For instance , when you see that a hair has fallen onto a female friend 's shoulder , you should lightly pick it off for her , and throw it away or put it in your pocket .
If sincere , this kind of action is attractive in a man .
If a woman expresses her liking for you , then no matter whether she is pretty , or whether you find her attractive , you should respond in the same way , and with the same respect .
When I was a young reporter stationed in Europe , there was a British woman reporter who liked me very much .
Once I was driving her somewhere to report a story when we had an accident , and she suffered some badly broken bones .
Although I was n't attracted to her in that way , I went to see her every day in hospital , and this left a deep impression on her of how considerate Chinese men can be .
Looking back at my life , I 've hardly had any really bad experiences in my relationships with women , and this is because just as in my professional life , I 've always maintained a self - critical attitude towards my emotions , and always tried to prevent myself acting like a male chauvinist .
