Victory to the strivers
Although the Taiwan firms in Dongguan have left home , their success can largely be attributed to an ethos they transplanted from Taiwan - that " victory goes to those who strive the hardest . "
" In Taiwan , we used to take the children somewhere fun on weekends and holidays , " says Chang Mei - liang of TBAD 's women 's division .
But since she 's moved the factory , " there has n't been a single meal the whole family has eaten together . "
If you want to open a plant on the mainland , you 're going to have to sacrifice family intimacy . "
In Taiwan , a boss just has to set the factory 's basic course and at the very most supervise the executives , " explains Sylvia Yang , the women 's division 's deputy chairperson .
" But on the mainland , a boss has to supervise everything : customs , tax payments , workers ' disputes , meal preparation . . . .
There 's always the feeling that everyone will start to slack off once the boss leaves . "
All the job - related pressures and evenings out with fellow Taiwanese business people or Communist Party cadres result in ill health for many Taiwan business people on the mainland .
One of Chen 's tasks as chairperson of TBAD is to handle funeral arrangements for Taiwanese business people there .
" Many of them die suddenly , " he says .
The association has been trying to promote healthier lifestyles .
" Instead of just going out to karaoke bars and drinking , why not play golf too , " recommends H.D. Yeh .
Dongguan has four or five golf courses within city limits .
About 1,000 people play every day , and 80 - 90 % of them are Taiwanese .
The Taiwanese entrepreneurial spirit has blossomed here by processing goods for export through Hong Kong in addition to making the most of connections between local Taiwan firms .
With 3,000 Taiwan - owned businesses here , and 10 - 20,000 Taiwanese business people and their dependants coming in and out every day , the Dong - guan area has already developed an economic circle in which Taiwan firms can conduct most of their business among themselves .
In the vibrant district of Houjian , there is an area that locals call Taiwan Town .
A casual look around reveals shop signs familiar to any Taiwanese : Taichung Goose , Ah - shui Shih 's Pig Knuckle Kingdom , Yungho Soy Milk , the Mantu Hair Salon . . . . and most of the customers are Taiwanese .
Restaurants serve up authentic Taiwanese fare like " pineapples and bitter melon chicken " and " sesame oil chicken . "
In November 1998 Global Express , a Taiwan firm , even opened up a shuttle bus to Hong Kong 's airport .
Global Express serves as a good example of Taiwanese corporate agility .
Originally , arrivals from Taiwan en route to Dongguan had to board buses run by a Hong Kong - based and mainland - financed travel agency .
" But we felt that the service left something to be desired , and that a lot of time would always be wasted while holders of ' Taiwanese Compatriot Visas ' cleared customs , " notes David Chang , Global Travel Holding 's executive director .
Two years ago , this Taiwanese travel agency began to talk with the mainland customs and border inspection agencies and negotiated a deal to get the route .
" We tell Taiwanese business people that riding our buses is safe , the service is good , and that it makes the trip through customs easy . "
