Where the real money is
At present , most applications for biochips are in academic research and the development of new pharmaceutical drugs .
Demand for them is growing rapidly .
Johnsee Lee says that according to US market research estimates , the worldwide annual consumption of microarray chips is currently around 250,000 ; in two years this is expected to grow to 1.2 million .
Based on a market price per chip of US$ 1,000 , the size of the world market in biochips could grow to US$ 1.2 billion in 2003 , and to US$ 40 billion over the next decade .
Thus some people have set their sights on the biochip market , and believe that following Taiwan 's success in the semiconductor field , the island could go on to be a major center for contract manufacture of biochips .
Be that as it may , the small number of biochip companies so far established in Taiwan still find their market in domestic research establishments and pharmaceuticals manufacturers .
Although they are also actively developing overseas markets , what interests them most is not biochips per se , nor are they content merely to be contract manufacturers .
" The chips are only a tool , and the big money is not in chip sales .
What counts is the R&D behind them . "
Jerry Huang , executive vice president of U - Vision Biotech , reveals that U - Vision , which was set up in September 1999 , has signed a contract with the US company Zen - Bio to jointly develop human adipocyte cDNA microarray chips .
Huang states that research in recent years has revealed that adipocytes -LRB- fat cells -RRB- are active regulators of the energy balance in the body , and play an important role in disorders such as obesity , diabetes , osteoporosis and cardiovascular disease .
Thus it is hoped that research into human adipocytes can help in the search for drugs and other therapies to treat these disorders .
Apart from this , U - Vision is also conducting a one - year bacterial genome project , which aims to map the genome of a certain drug - resistant bacterium as a basis for developing new vaccines and drugs .
Drug development
Taiwan Genome Sciences -LRB- TGS -RRB- , which was set up in November 1999 as a joint venture by the Uni-President Enterprises Group , Yuen Foong Yu and Tuntex Groups , only entered the biotechnology fray in April of this year .
CEO Andrew Kuo says the investors came to the view that Taiwan needs to develop its biotechnology industries , and therefore they combined their resources to make a long - term investment in the field .
TGS 's strategy is to invest in a number of US genome research companies , and to sign technology transfer agreements and chip production contracts with them .
Kuo comments that contract production of chips is merely a service activity and a source of income for the company - TGS 's ultimate goal is in doing R&D work to identify gene sequences as targets for developing new drugs .
Kuo states that at present , the number of known target sequences for disease - treating drugs is only around 500 , but as the human genome is mapped out this number can be expected to increase tenfold .
Currently , TGS has its sights set mainly on doing research into diseases which are especially prevalent in Asia , such as liver and stomach cancers .
