The implication seems to be these men represent Nazis .
But then , their leader is revealed to be Michael , marching right up front .
When peasant workers break free to touch Michael , they are immediately swallowed by soldiers .
Suddenly , it is night , and a tarp - covered , skyscraper - sized structure looms over the poor nation as choppers spray spotlights across it .
Brainwashed fans scream , salute with one arm and light candles with religious zeal .
Signs proclaiming `` King of Pop , '' a title Michael disavowed to Oprah only two years earlier , are everywhere , emphasizing the word `` King . ''
Finally , the tarp drops , and it is , of course , a gargantuan , bronze statue of Michael , fists clenched defiantly , his star insignia prominent , yet his face still somehow child - like and unthreatening .
The video is a highly disturbing piece of work .
His bloated sense of importance is not only chilling , it is threatening .
Suddenly , Michael 's perfect world of Oz / Neverland is forced to be compared with an Aryan Nation , one that substitutes children for Hitler 's master race .
Large image of the Michael Jackson HIStory statue .
There is some sort of an emblem with a star on his shoulder , but it 's at an angle and not easy to make out clearly .
'' ... a haughty spirit goeth before a fall . ''
BTW - and off topic :
Check out this superb psyop image .
Jeff , I do n't think even you could do better than this :
http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/11800917/
Remember who Janet shared the stage with at the Superbowl ?
Yes , you remember correctly : former Mousketeer Justin Timberlake .
Hmmm .
The plot thickens .
JW's and child abuse .
http://news.bbc.co.uk/1/hi/programmes/panorama/live_forums/2124808.stm
BTW Jeff - I 'd caught the Geller / Jackson connection a while back and posted on the discussion board .
Fascinating how this all seems to be inter-related .
hmmm ...
in March 2003 Jackson distraction - o - mania was part of the media smokescreen that led up the Iraq war ...
and now Fox news and other rabid - right media outlets have once again taken to whipping on Jackson ...
-LRB- like any sane people really care about what the hell MJ is doing any more . -RRB-
A signs of another impending misadventure in the mideast ?
And what 's with Uri Geller 's links to MJ ?
Anyone else smell a whiff of that whole Prophet Yahweh sideshow from awhile back ? trivial , but here 's stargods ' comprehensive analysis of jacko :
regarding the JW reference .
I do n't think we need see a plot in every wood pile .
The JW considers itself THE kingdom of God on earth .
-LRB- ' Kindom Hall ' -RRB-
So it is only to be expected that they do not see a reason to run to and report everything to the government .
The same goes for the Roman Catholic Church .
But the RCC has had a widespread problem with this regard , doubltlessly because their policy / doctrine of a celibate priesthood simply attracts these deviants .
I doubt any such problem exist on the same proportionate scale in the JW heirarchy .
Besides that , ca n't you see the embedded mind control in that article , as well as all general media output .
The Message Is : `` Big Brother must be informed !
Only Big Brother can manage society ! ''
See , it 's the Hegelian dialectic at work .
Eveyone needs to sharpen their awareness of this shit .
As long as Big Brother is the answer for everything , Big Brother will BE everything .
-LRB- If people do n't want their kids pederastized , but yet they entrust them to ' guys in gowns ' I just wonder what the hell are they thinking anyway ? -RRB-
I 'd watch the Peter Pan speculations , unless you know what versions you are discussing and can differentiate between them accurately .
Some of the assumptions I 've seen -LRB- such as a couple made by Tim Boucher and Fantastic Planet in last year 's postings linked here -RRB- may have looked like they worked to support their thesis , but in actuality have either a tenuous or no connection to the core Peter Pan mythos .
Do n't make up things like Peter abducting children that you ca n't substantiate .
Peter Pan was a work in progress for JM Barrie , who kept tinkering with it over the years .
To understand what it actually means to Michael Jackson and what you might speculate he is enacting , you have to know where on the continuum of Peter Pans his internalized Peter -LRB- no , not THAT kind of peter -RRB- lies .
Novel , play ?
Musical , cartoon ?
Shadow of a shadow of a remembered story ?
In one of the oldest versions , Peter Pan in Kensington Gardens -LRB- extracted from The Little White Bird -RRB- , is only a week old .
He escaped from his home when he was seven days old because he remembered how he could fly when he was a bird before he was a human ,
and that wildness is still in him , as it is with all children .
Barrie 's only cryptic instructions on character development to Nina Boucicault , the first actress to play Peter , was that she was to remember that Peter is a bird , and is one day old .
In Kensington Gardens he watches out for children who have fallen un-noticed out of their perambulators .
If a bad fairy finds them , or they perish from the cold an dark overnight in the park , Peter digs them graves and makes them headstones .
