In Peter and Wendy , the Lost Boys are the ones who fall out of their perambulators when their nurse is not looking .
If they are not claimed in seven days , `` they are sent far away to the Neverland to defray expenses . ''
A far cry from the stealing of children .
Peter and the Lost Boys crave a mother to tell them stories .
It 's ironic that while their own lives are far more exotic than the fairy tales Wendy tells , it 's those fictions that they want , told by a mother .
Barrie says quite explicitly in Peter and Wendy that it is Wendy who does the tempting to keep Peter with her , not the other way around .
It is she who asks if Michael and John could come too .
If those of you with the abduction theory would like to give specific quotes and information on where it is shown that Peter abducted the children , please do .
But I think you are making it up from a version that does n't exist in reality , or that ca n't be tied to Michael Jackson .
We do n't gain better understanding of the inner workings of Michael Jackson by distorting the material on which we purportedly base our theories .
Jeff - I just have to say that I love the Rigorous Intuition Live365 channel .
I 've been listening to it to the last couple of days and just bought Dylan 's ' Oh Mercy ' .
How does the copyright thing work on a Live365 stream ?
Avalon , can you recommend a good work of commentary and analysis on JM Barrie 's works ?
- Sepka the Space Weasel
Was Michael Jackson influenced by Bob Fosse 's `` Snake in the grass '' character from the 1974 movie The Little Prince ?
Has anyone else seen this scene ?
Bob Fosse 's snake looks and moves would be imitated -LRB- and made more popular -RRB- years later by the King of Pop , Michael Jackson .
View the video here : http://youtube.com/watch?v=L8mJsgPj1iU
About the JW thing , I work with a couple of them -LRB- BTW , some of the most respectable people I know .
Which is why I decided to ask ... -RRB- ,
and I had a chance to ask them about MJ and the child abuse , if they knew anything .
About MJ they said , he is definately not a JW , despite what he says .
Provocative lyrics and grabbing ones crotch in public , does n't fit with their defination of ' Christian ' .
They said all they knew was that his mother -LRB- who apparently is still a member -RRB- took him to their church as a kid .
The father apparently had little or no involvement at all .
As for the child abuse , I have to agree with the post above , you can find abuse and ' sick ' individuals in ANY organization ,
but you have too look at the proportion to the rest of society .
One of my friends is an ' elder ' -LRB- soething like a ' local church leader ' -RRB- ,
but he also said their instructions say that if they hear of any abuse they are to follow local laws , which usually requires them to inform the police ASAP .
And if the abuse is at all serious to report it to the police regardless .
Though i do n't agree with all of their beliefs , I know these guys well enough to call them friends .
So in their respect , after reading some of the other comments , I decided to listen to their side before passing judgement .
We should ALL be careful not to pass judgement on ENTIRE groups of people based on the apparent actions of a few .
That is what Hitler tried to do .
With thiking like that , even if we got rid of the evil elite , a new set of ' evil elite ' would rise again in their place .
That seems to be the nature of man , though .
We have all got to do what we can without needlessly attacking the innocent .
Remember , group hatred only plays into their hands , be it racial , religious , or class .
Sepka , the two reference books I have on Peter Pan are : Fifty Years of Peter Pan , Roger Lancelyn Green , pub. by Peter Davies , London , 1954 .
It 's pretty scarce at this point , though you might be able to find a copy to read through inter-library loan .
The Peter Pan Chronicles , Bruce K. Hanson , Birch Lane Press , NY , 1993
I have n't really delved into Barrie 's psyche from the biographical end , it 's Peter and Wendy as an extraordinary piece of writing that has always fascinated me .
... and if you listen to `` My Way '' by sinatra , backwards , the real answer will be revealed .
http://stargods.org/MasonicMichaelJackson.htm
Uri Geller was one of MJ 's handlers apparently .
