As most abuse is generational , the whole mind - control subject really has to be brought out in the open .
The very technology and tools used on the mind which harm can then be used to heal .
Brr , Pied Piper .
I remember being spooked by that story as a kid .
Heck of a story to tell children .
Talking about strange coincidences ... I was trying to write a science fiction story a while back involving Star Gate type research .
I was looking for a cool name for an undercover X-Files type military - occult agency .
Thought of ' SPECTRE ' but that seemed too James Bondish , and modified it to ' SPECTRA ' .
Thinking rainbow - type symbology .
Then I find out that ' SPECTRA ' is actually a name with significance in the community .
What the ...
... of course , I did read a lot of weird stuff in passing as a kid ,
it 's certainly possible that I came across it and forgot .
I was n't consciously aware of it , certainly .
It 's the most disappointingly *cheesy* 1960s sci - fi kind of name for an astral entity to use , that 's for sure .
I never did write that story .
Is n't Michael Jackson , and the entire Jackson clan , Jehovah 's Witness ?
There was no mention made of this in either the main post or comments ....
It would seem to me that their must be some relationship between that cult organization and all the `` high weirdness '' going on ....
no ?
.... and it is a cult .
FBI finally releases report on missing children .
Agency unveils surprising statistics : about one - third of lost kids are black
-- AP
Since 1985 nearly 13 million children missing -LRB- those reported -RRB- .
An average of 615,874 per year since 1985 . 791,687 in 1995 alone .
This is an extraordinary group here .
I appreciate your candor and your capacity to build a knowledge base with each contributor adding to the thread that moves me in a sonambulant noiseless rush toward the truth .
We are living the dieing
and that is just as productive and rewarding as any other dimension of spirit that I have experienced
If there is just one thing that disappoints me it is that all of the posters here prefer to be anonymous .
It would be wise for you to `` be '' yourself .
I tried to find emails for any that list a profile or website ,
but none `` NONE '' of you are out there .
Contact me at my profile email should you care to disclose yourself .
I would like to invite you to participate in FSHOD if that is not too much to ask .
maybe we remain anonymous in preparation for the future .
I 'm surprised I have n't heard this mentioned anywhere before , as it ties in perfectly with Jeff 's Bizarro Jacko Tabloid post :
In an interview with Blender -LRB- ca n't remember what issue , but Janet 's on the cover -RRB- , Janet talks at length about having mulitiple personalities .
I ca n't remember all the details , but there 's Janet , the normal pop star , and among others -LRB- and perhaps the most notable in this context -RRB- one she calls `` Strawberry , '' who is geared towards explicit sexual activities .
As I understand , this is a classic alters description .
A Real MAN Would At Least Let A Former Board Member Be Able TO READ The Reason He Had Been Banned , But , I FORGOT I Was Dealing With A Coward !
antiaristo will be disappointed , or HAS HE ALREADY BEEN BANNED , TOO ???
A COWARD DIES A THOUSAND DEATHS . A HERO DIES BUT ONCE !!!!!!!!
Saint Alexander the Foolish , circa Third Millennium , a.D . Janet Jackson ;
`` Strawberry Bounce '' lyrics :
Bump the beat
Just watch the way I pump it
The way I work it 's gon na keep you cumin'
Do a dance that 's so sensual
I 'ma make you Lose Control
Do n't trip
You know you wan na watch this
I 'm a pro you wo n't be disappointed
Gon na leave you beggin' for more
I 'ma make you Lose Control
Glad someone finally mentioned Janet .
I think the practice of black magic is something she and her brother have in common .
One mus n't forget her now infamous superbowl `` nipple '' stunt .
Rather than the ridiculous accident censors tried to make it out to be , I think it has to be recognized as a planned , purposeful piece of black magic , perpetraited literally in front of the world , on a very alchemically significant day and time
-LRB- goes way beyond a ' publicity stunt , does n't it ? ' -RRB-
A friend even suggests that during her much earlier ' Rythm Nation ' period , in which she dons a black uniform and uses strange , synchopated hand movements in her video dance routine , that that too , is a kind of twilight language , intended on sending a specific message , in order to have a desired effect .
It 's possible that jacksons have been using the occult arts for a long , long time .
I 'd love to hear someone else 's thoughts on this -
Here 's a link to just a wee bit more about Jackson and her alleged MPD -
http://dave.typepad.com/dave/2004/06/janet_jacksons_.html
I posted above that The Cedars , where Michael Jackson was mentioned as having stayed for a time , was the center of the Fellowship Foundation .
