I just ran across the Fellowship Foundation again , when looking for something to explain the anomalous situation of recently - disgraced Republican shoplifter Claude A. Allen .
The quote below is from the LaRouchies -- and thus , as always , not to be considered 100 % reliable --
but in this case it fits in so well with the ongoing discussion that I 'm tentatively inclined to trust it :
DeLay 's career and power became at the same time a central project for all three of the shadow partners , Grover Norquist , Jack Abramoff and Ralph Reed .
DeLay was by no means a random point of interest .
Tom DeLay staggered into Washington as a freshman Congressman in 1984 , a terrible drunk , his life dissolving .
Rep. Frank Wolf -LRB- R - Va. -RRB- approached him with a road to salvation .
He reportedly showed DeLay a videotape that made him weep .
Tom DeLay then radically changed his life , turning his soul over to higher powers .
But by all reliable accounts , DeLay became a much nastier , a fearsomely un-Christian individual .
Frank Wolf represented an old `` black operations '' soul - robbing agency known as the Fellowship Foundation .
Practicing secrecy on about the same level as the National Security Agency , the Fellowship does conduct one public function --
it runs the huge annual Congressional / Presidential Prayer Breakfast in Washington , with similar events managed inside the Pentagon and at other government and military sites .
The Fellowship Foundation -LRB- earlier called International Christian Leadership and a succession of cover names -RRB- was created before World War II by the organization of the pro-Nazi Frank Buchman .
Sen. H. Alexander Smith -LRB- R - N.J. -RRB- , Buchman 's lieutenant who in 1940 had called for a joint world dictatorship of the United States , Britain , and Nazi Germany , brought the Fellowship into acceptance in Washington .
In the 1950s , the group was sponsored by former Nazi SS officer , Holland 's Prince Bernhard , and the Dutch royal family .
The Fellowship runs a house near the U.S. Capitol , where Congressmen and Senators , who are members , live .
For example , Sen. Sam Brownback -LRB- R - Kans. -RRB- , the delirious End - Timer , has lived in the cult 's house in Washington .
Raytheon CEO Tom Phillips and other figures in the military - industrial complex , pay the bills .
The Fellowship specializes in taking over the lives of potentially powerful individuals who have become somehow ruined , and promising them dominion in the world if they will play along .
Watergate dirty - trickster Charles Colson , when he was on his way to prison and suddenly powerless , was recruited , and turned his life over to the Fellowship .
Colson 's Prison Fellowship Ministries is a subordinate unit of the cult , with its tentacles in most prisons in the United States .
After Tom DeLay was zapped , Charles Colson became DeLay 's personal guru .
Colson 's militancy for the End - Times war on Muslims has made him a congenial companion to Jack Abramoff in their keeping of DeLay -- Abramoff has repeatedly led Tom to Israel to call for all - out war against the Arabs .
And Christian Coalition co-founder Pat Robertson was himself a product of the Fellowship magic .
Robertson was the good - for - nothing playboy son of Sen. A. Willis Robertson -LRB- R - Va. -RRB- , the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee .
Pat began speaking in tongues and uttering prophecies under the guidance of Harald Bredesen , a master training agent of the Fellowship group , who had proved himself to the highest circles of British intelligence .
Pat Robertson started off as assistant pastor to Bredesen , whose intelligence partners , the Full Gospel Businessmen 's Fellowship , raised the money to expand Robertson 's and Bredesen 's Virginia - based Christian Broadcasting Network -LRB- CBN -RRB- toward global power status .
The sentence I put in boldface is *extremely* interesting .
Was n't there a Michael Jackson video where he was envisioning himself as ruler of the world or some such ?
to anonymous 9:30 re cults :
`` The reason fear can arise so strongly is that you already have a very strong experience of being brainwashed and used in cultish behavior .
This cult is called society and its ' cult - ure ' gives rise to suffering .
If you look closely , everything that is associated with cult behavior can lisewise be found in society 's behavior .
The same means of control are used : the constant reinforcement that you are helpless without society , that you can not survive without obeying its rules and that you will go to hell if you do n't obey the tenets of its religion . ''
-- Gangaji
this site monitors Janet Jackson weight !
http://www.egotastic.com/entertainment/celebrities/janet-jackson/janet-jackson-is-too-fat-to-sing
Anonymous One , I recall reading somewhere that Lisa Marie was a member of L.Ron 's cult .
You will notice that Michael 's real troubles started after he suied Sony chief Tommy Mattola , who was heard to say `` he 'll live to regret the day '' .
Do n't ever think of fucken with the evil bastards in the Music biz , later .
Here 's a description of that Michael Jackson item I was remembering :
By the time the release of 1995 's HIStory album -- a double album of greatest hits and new tracks -- approached , Michael had fully realized a new perception of himself , one that was truly larger than life .
HIStory was hyped with a four - minute teaser video .
This extravagant production begins with a colossal army goose - stepping through a European city in crisp , tan uniforms , waving red flags and sporting red - and - black insignias .
Military music pounds .
Crowds swell at the sidelines , screaming and crying .
