Jesus was going through the city of Jericho .
In Jericho there was a man named Zacchaeus .
He was a wealthy , very important tax collector .
He wanted to see who Jesus was .
There were many others who wanted to see Jesus too .
Zacchaeus was too short to see above the people .
So he ran to a place where he knew Jesus would come .
Then he climbed a sycamore tree so he could see him .
When Jesus came to where Zacchaeus was , he looked up and saw him in the tree .
Jesus said , `` Zacchaeus , hurry !
Come down !
I must stay at your house today . ''
Zacchaeus hurried and came down .
He was happy to have Jesus in his house .
Everyone saw this .
They began to complain , `` Look at the kind of man Jesus is staying with .
Zacchaeus is a sinner ! ''
Zacchaeus said to the Lord , `` I want to do good .
I will give half of my money to the poor .
If I have cheated anyone , I will pay them back four times more . ''
Jesus said , `` Today is the day for this family to be saved from sin .
Yes , even this tax collector is one of God 's chosen people .
The Son of Man came to find lost people and save them . ''
As the crowd listened to what he was saying , Jesus went on to tell a story .
He was now near Jerusalem and knew that the people thought it was almost time for God 's kingdom to come .
So he said , `` A very important man was preparing to go to a country far away to be made a king .
Then he planned to return home and rule his people .
So he called ten of his servants together .
He gave a bag of money to each servant .
He said , ' Do business with this money until I come back . '
But the people in the kingdom hated the man .
They sent a group to follow him to the other country .
There they said , ' We do n't want this man to be our king . '
`` But the man was made king .
When he came home , he said , ' Call those servants who have my money .
I want to know how much more money they earned with it . '
The first servant came and said , ' Sir , I earned ten bags of money with the one bag you gave me . '
The king said to him , ' That 's great !
You are a good servant .
I see that I can trust you with small things .
So now I will let you rule over ten of my cities . '
`` The second servant said , ' Sir , with your one bag of money I earned five bags . '
The king said to this servant , ' You can rule over five cities . '
`` Then another servant came in and said to the king , ' Sir , here is your bag of money .
I wrapped it in a piece of cloth and hid it .
I was afraid of you because you are a hard man .
You even take money that you did n't earn and gather food that you did n't grow . '
`` Then the king said to him , ' What a bad servant you are !
I will use your own words to condemn you .
You said that I am a hard man .
You said that I even take money that I did n't earn and gather food that I did n't grow .
If that is true , you should have put my money in the bank .
Then , when I came back , my money would have earned some interest . '
Then the king said to the men who were watching , ' Take the bag of money away from this servant and give it to the servant who earned ten bags of money . '
`` The men said to the king , ' But sir , that servant already has ten bags of money . '
`` The king said , ' People who use what they have will get more .
But those who do not use what they have will have everything taken away from them .
Now where are my enemies ?
Where are the people who did not want me to be king ?
Bring my enemies here and kill them .
I will watch them die . ' ''
