Jesus ' mother stood near his cross .
Her sister was also standing there with Mary the wife of Clopas , and Mary Magdalene .
Jesus saw his mother .
He also saw the follower he loved very much standing there .
He said to his mother , `` Dear woman , here is your son . ''
Then he said to the follower , `` Here is your mother . ''
So after that , this follower took Jesus ' mother to live in his home .
Later , Jesus knew that everything had been done .
To make the Scriptures come true he said , `` I am thirsty . ''
There was a jar full of sour wine there , so the soldiers soaked a sponge in it .
They put the sponge on a branch of a hyssop plant and lifted it to Jesus ' mouth .
When he tasted the wine , he said , `` It is finished . ''
Then he bowed his head and died .
This day was Preparation day .
The next day was a special Sabbath day .
The Jewish leaders did not want the bodies to stay on the cross on the Sabbath day .
So they asked Pilate to order that the legs of the men be broken .
And they asked that the bodies be taken down from the crosses .
So the soldiers came and broke the legs of the two men on the crosses beside Jesus .
But when the soldiers came close to Jesus , they saw that he was already dead .
So they did not break his legs .
But one of the soldiers stuck his spear into Jesus '
side .
Immediately blood and water came out .
-LRB- The one who saw this happen has told about it .
He told about it so that you also can believe .
The things he says are true .
He knows that he tells the truth . -RRB-
These things happened to give full meaning to the Scriptures that said , `` None of his bones will be broken ''
and `` People will look at the one they stabbed . ''
Later , a man named Joseph from Arimathea asked Pilate for the body of Jesus .
-LRB- Joseph was a follower of Jesus , but he did not tell anyone , because he was afraid of the Jewish leaders . -RRB-
Pilate said Joseph could take Jesus ' body , so he came and took it away .
Nicodemus went with Joseph .
He was the man who had come to Jesus before and talked to him at night .
He brought about 100 pounds of spices -- a mixture of myrrh and aloes .
These two men took Jesus ' body and wrapped it in pieces of linen cloth with the spices .
-LRB- This is how the Jews bury people . -RRB-
In the place where Jesus was killed on the cross , there was a garden .
In the garden there was a new tomb .
No one had ever been buried there before .
The men put Jesus in that tomb because it was near , and the Jews were preparing to start their Sabbath day .
