While Apollos was in the city of Corinth , Paul was visiting some places on his way to Ephesus .
In Ephesus he found some other followers of the Lord .
He asked them , `` Did you receive the Holy Spirit when you believed ? ''
These followers said to him , `` We have never even heard of a Holy Spirit ! ''
Paul asked them , `` So what kind of baptism did you have ? ''
They said , `` It was the baptism that John taught . ''
Paul said , `` John told people to be baptized to show they wanted to change their lives .
He told people to believe in the one who would come after him , and that one is Jesus . ''
When these followers heard this , they were baptized in the name of the Lord Jesus .
Then Paul laid his hands on them , and the Holy Spirit came on them .
They began speaking different languages and prophesying .
There were about twelve men in this group .
Paul went into the synagogue and spoke very boldly .
He continued doing this for three months .
He talked with the Jews , trying to persuade them to accept what he was telling them about God 's kingdom .
But some of them became stubborn and refused to believe .
In front of everyone , they said bad things about the Way .
So Paul left these Jews and took the Lord 's followers with him .
He went to a place where a man named Tyrannus had a school .
There Paul talked with people every day .
He did this for two years .
Because of this work , everyone in Asia , Jews and Greeks , heard the word of the Lord .
God used Paul to do some very special miracles .
Some people carried away handkerchiefs and clothes that Paul had used and put them on those who were sick .
The sick people were healed , and evil spirits left them .
Some Jews also were traveling around forcing evil spirits out of people .
The seven sons of Sceva , one of the leading priests , were doing this .
These Jews tried to use the name of the Lord Jesus to make the evil spirits go out of people .
They all said , `` By the same Jesus that Paul talks about , I order you to come out ! ''
But one time an evil spirit said to these Jews , `` I know Jesus , and I know about Paul , but who are you ? ''
Then the man who had the evil spirit inside him jumped on these Jews .
He was much stronger than all of them .
He beat them up and tore their clothes off .
They all ran away from that house .
All the people in Ephesus , Jews and Greeks , learned about this .
They were all filled with fear and gave great honor to the Lord Jesus .
Many of the believers began to confess , telling about all the evil things they had done .
Some of them had used magic .
These believers brought their magic books and burned them before everyone .
These books were worth about 50 , 000 silver coins .
This is how the word of the Lord was spreading in a powerful way , causing more and more people to believe .
After this , Paul made plans to go to Jerusalem .
He planned to go through the regions of Macedonia and Achaia , and then go to Jerusalem .
He thought , `` After I visit Jerusalem , I must also visit Rome . ''
Timothy and Erastus were two of his helpers .
Paul sent them ahead to Macedonia .
But he stayed in Asia for a while .
But during that time there was some trouble in Ephesus about the Way .
This is how it all happened : There was a man named Demetrius .
He worked with silver .
He made little silver models that looked like the temple of the goddess Artemis .
The men who did this work made a lot of money .
Demetrius had a meeting with these men and some others who did the same kind of work .
He told them , `` Men , you know that we make a lot of money from our business .
But look at what this man Paul is doing .
Listen to what he is saying .
He has convinced many people in Ephesus and all over Asia to change their religion .
He says the gods that people make by hand are not real .
I 'm afraid this is going to turn people against our business .
But there is also another problem .
People will begin to think that the temple of the great goddess Artemis is not important .
Her greatness will be destroyed .
And Artemis is the goddess that everyone in Asia and the whole world worships . ''
When the men heard this , they became very angry .
They shouted , `` Great is Artemis , the goddess of Ephesus ! ''
The whole city was thrown into confusion .
