Jesus called his twelve apostles together .
He gave them power to heal sicknesses and power to force demons out of people .
He sent them to tell about God 's kingdom and to heal the sick .
He said to them , `` When you travel , do n't take a walking stick .
Also , do n't carry a bag , food , or money .
Take for your trip only the clothes you are wearing .
When you go into a house , stay there until it is time to leave .
If the people in the town will not welcome you , go outside the town and shake the dust off your feet as a warning to them . ''
So the apostles went out .
They traveled through all the towns .
They told the Good News and healed people everywhere .
Herod the ruler heard about all these things that were happening .
He was confused because some people said , `` John the Baptizer has risen from death . ''
Others said , `` Elijah has come to us . ''
And some others said , `` One of the prophets from long ago has risen from death . ''
Herod said , `` I cut off John 's head .
So who is this man I hear these things about ? ''
Herod continued trying to see Jesus .
When the apostles came back , they told Jesus what they had done on their trip .
Then he took them away to a town called Bethsaida .
There , he and his apostles could be alone together .
But the people learned where Jesus went and followed him .
He welcomed them and talked with them about God 's kingdom .
He healed the people who were sick .
Late in the afternoon , the twelve apostles came to Jesus and said , `` No one lives in this place .
Send the people away .
They need to find food and places to sleep in the farms and towns around here . ''
But Jesus said to the apostles , `` You give them something to eat . ''
They said , `` We have only five loaves of bread and two fish .
Do you want us to go buy food for all these people ? ''
There are too many !
-LRB- There were about 5000 men there . -RRB-
Jesus said to his followers , `` Tell the people to sit in groups of about 50 people . ''
So the followers did this and everyone sat down .
Then Jesus took the five loaves of bread and two fish .
He looked up into the sky and thanked God for the food .
Then he broke it into pieces , which he gave to the followers to give to the people .
They all ate until they were full .
And there was a lot of food left .
Twelve baskets were filled with the pieces of food that were not eaten .
One time Jesus was praying alone .
His followers came together there , and he asked them , `` Who do the people say I am ? ''
They answered , `` Some people say you are John the Baptizer .
Others say you are Elijah .
And some people say you are one of the prophets from long ago that has come back to life . ''
Then Jesus said to his followers , `` And who do you say I am ? ''
Peter answered , `` You are the Christ from God . ''
Jesus warned them not to tell anyone .
Then Jesus said , `` The Son of Man must suffer many things .
He will be rejected by the older Jewish leaders , the leading priests , and teachers of the law .
And he will be killed .
But after three days he will be raised from death . ''
Jesus continued to say to all of them , `` Any of you who want to be my follower must stop thinking about yourself and what you want .
You must be willing to carry the cross that is given to you every day for following me .
Any of you who try to save the life you have will lose it .
But you who give up your life for me will save it .
It is worth nothing for you to have the whole world if you yourself are destroyed or lost .
Do n't be ashamed of me and my teaching .
If that happens , I will be ashamed of you when I come with my divine greatness and that of the Father and the holy angels .
Believe me when I say that some of you people standing here will see God 's kingdom before you die . ''
About eight days after Jesus said these things , he took Peter , John , and James and went up on a mountain to pray .
While Jesus was praying , his face began to change .
His clothes became shining white .
Then two men were there , talking with him .
They were Moses and Elijah .
They also looked bright and glorious .
They were talking with Jesus about his death that would happen in Jerusalem .
Peter and the others were asleep .
But they woke up and saw the glory of Jesus .
They also saw the two men who were standing with him .
When Moses and Elijah were leaving , Peter said , ``
Master , it is good that we are here .
We will put three tents here -- one for you , one for Moses , and one for Elijah . ''
-LRB- He did not know what he was saying . -RRB-
While Peter was saying these things , a cloud came all around them .
Peter , John , and James were afraid when the cloud covered them .
A voice came from the cloud and said , `` This is my Son .
He is the one I have chosen .
Obey him . ''
When the voice stopped , only Jesus was there .
Peter , John , and James said nothing .
And for a long time after that , they told no one about what they had seen .
