After Jesus said all these things , he left Galilee .
He went into the area of Judea on the other side of the Jordan River .
Many people followed him .
Jesus healed the sick people there .
Some Pharisees came to Jesus .
They tried to make him say something wrong .
They asked him , `` Is it right for a man to divorce his wife for any reason he chooses ? ''
Jesus answered , `` Surely you have read this in the Scriptures : When God made the world , ' he made people male and female . '
And God said , ' That is why a man will leave his father and mother and be joined to his wife .
And the two people will become one . '
So they are no longer two , but one .
God has joined them together , so no one should separate them . ''
The Pharisees asked , `` Then why did Moses give a command allowing a man to divorce his wife by writing a certificate of divorce ? ''
Jesus answered , `` Moses allowed you to divorce your wives because you refused to accept God 's teaching .
But divorce was not allowed in the beginning .
I tell you that whoever divorces his wife , except for the problem of sexual sin , and marries another woman is guilty of adultery . ''
The followers said to Jesus , `` If that is the only reason a man can divorce his wife , it is better not to marry . ''
He answered , `` This statement is true for some , but not for everyone -- only for those who have been given this gift .
There are different reasons why some men do n't marry .
Some were born without the ability to produce children .
Others were made that way later in life .
And others have given up marriage because of God 's kingdom .
This is for anyone who is able to accept it . ''
Then the people brought their little children to Jesus so that he could lay his hands on them to bless them and pray for them .
When the followers saw this , they told the people to stop bringing their children to him .
But Jesus said , `` Let the little children come to me .
Do n't stop them , because God 's kingdom belongs to people who are like these children . ''
After Jesus blessed the children , he left there .
