After Jesus said these things , he continued traveling toward Jerusalem .
He came near Bethphage and Bethany , towns near the hill called the Mount of Olives .
He sent out two of his followers .
He said , `` Go into the town you can see there .
When you enter the town , you will find a young donkey tied there that no one has ever ridden .
Untie it , and bring it here to me .
If anyone asks you why you are taking the donkey , you should say , ' The Master needs it . ' ''
The two followers went into town .
They found the donkey exactly like Jesus told them .
They untied it , but its owners came out .
They said to the followers , `` Why are you untying our donkey ? ''
The followers answered , `` The Master needs it . ''
So the followers brought the donkey to Jesus .
They put their coats on its back .
Then they put Jesus on the donkey .
He rode along the road toward Jerusalem .
The followers spread their coats on the road before him .
Jesus was coming close to Jerusalem .
He was already near the bottom of the Mount of Olives .
The whole group of followers was happy .
They were very excited and praised God .
They thanked God for all the powerful things they had seen .
They said , `` ' Welcome !
God bless the king who comes in the name of the Lord . '
Peace in heaven and glory to God ! ''
Some of the Pharisees said to Jesus , `` Teacher , tell your followers not to say these things . ''
But Jesus answered , `` I tell you , if my followers did n't say them , these stones would shout them . ''
Jesus came near Jerusalem .
Looking at the city , he began to cry for it and said , `` I wish you knew today what would bring you peace .
But it is hidden from you now .
A time is coming when your enemies will build a wall around you and hold you in on all sides .
They will destroy you and all your people .
Not one stone of your buildings will stay on top of another .
All this will happen because you did not know the time when God came to save you . ''
Jesus went into the Temple area .
He began to throw out the people who were selling things there .
He said , `` The Scriptures say , ' My Temple will be a house of prayer . '
But you have changed it into a ' hiding place for thieves . ' ''
Jesus taught the people in the Temple area every day .
The leading priests , the teachers of the law , and some of the leaders of the people wanted to kill him .
But they did not know how they could do it , because everyone was listening to him .
The people were very interested in what Jesus said .
