In Jerusalem Saul was still trying to scare the followers of the Lord , even saying he would kill them .
He went to the high priest and asked him to write letters to the synagogues in the city of Damascus .
Saul wanted the high priest to give him the authority to find people in Damascus who were followers of the Way .
If he found any believers there , men or women , he would arrest them and bring them back to Jerusalem .
So Saul went to Damascus .
When he came near the city , a very bright light from heaven suddenly shined around him .
He fell to the ground and heard a voice saying to him , `` Saul , Saul !
Why are you persecuting me ? ''
Saul said , `` Who are you , Lord ? ''
The voice answered , `` I am Jesus , the one you are persecuting .
Get up now and go into the city .
Someone there will tell you what you must do . ''
The men traveling with Saul just stood there , unable to speak .
They heard the voice , but they saw no one .
Saul got up from the ground and opened his eyes , but he could not see .
So the men with him held his hand and led him into Damascus .
For three days Saul could not see ; he did not eat or drink .
There was a follower of Jesus in Damascus named Ananias .
In a vision the Lord said to him , `` Ananias ! ''
Ananias answered , `` Here I am , Lord . ''
The Lord said to him , `` Get up and go to the street called Straight Street .
Find the house of Judas and ask for a man named Saul from the city of Tarsus .
He is there now , praying .
He has seen a vision in which a man named Ananias came and laid his hands on him so that he could see again . ''
But Ananias answered , `` Lord , many people have told me about this man .
They told me about the many bad things he did to your holy people in Jerusalem .
Now he has come here to Damascus .
The leading priests have given him the power to arrest all people who trust in you . ''
But the Lord Jesus said to Ananias , `` Go !
I have chosen Saul for an important work .
He must tell about me to other nations and their rulers and to the people of Israel .
I will show him all that he must suffer for me . ''
So Ananias left and went to the house of Judas .
He laid his hands on Saul and said , `` Saul , my brother , the Lord Jesus sent me .
He is the one you saw on the road when you came here .
He sent me so that you can see again and also be filled with the Holy Spirit . ''
Immediately , something that looked like fish scales fell off Saul 's eyes .
He was able to see !
Then he got up and was baptized .
After he ate , he began to feel strong again .
Saul stayed with the followers of Jesus in Damascus for a few days .
Soon he began to go to the synagogues and tell people about Jesus .
He told the people , `` Jesus is the Son of God ! ''
All the people who heard Saul were amazed .
They said , `` This is the same man who was in Jerusalem trying to destroy the people who trust in Jesus !
And that 's why he has come here -- to arrest the followers of Jesus and take them back to the leading priests . ''
But Saul became more and more powerful in proving that Jesus is the Christ .
His proofs were so strong that the Jews who lived in Damascus could not argue with him .
