Jesus ate dinner at Matthew 's house .
Many tax collectors and others with bad reputations came and ate with him and his followers .
The Pharisees saw that Jesus was eating with these people .
They asked his followers , `` Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and other sinners ? ''
Jesus heard them say this .
So he said to them , `` It is the sick people who need a doctor , not those who are healthy .
You need to go and learn what this Scripture means : ' I do n't want animal sacrifices ; I want you to show kindness to people . '
I did not come to invite good people .
I came to invite sinners . ''
Then the followers of John came to Jesus and said , `` We and the Pharisees fast often , but your followers do n't ever fast .
Why ? ''
Jesus answered , `` At a wedding the friends of the bridegroom are not sad while he is with them .
They can not fast then .
But the time will come when the bridegroom will be taken from them .
Then they will fast .
`` When someone sews a patch over a hole in an old coat , they never use a piece of cloth that has not already been shrunk .
If they do , the patch will shrink and pull away from the coat .
Then the hole will be worse .
Also , people never pour new wine into old wineskins .
They would break , the wine would spill out , and the wineskins would be ruined .
People always put new wine into new wineskins , which wo n't break , and the wine stays good . ''
While Jesus was still talking , a leader of the synagogue came to him .
The leader bowed down before him and said , `` My daughter has just died .
But if you will come and touch her with your hand , she will live again . ''
So Jesus and his followers went with the man .
On the way , there was a woman who had been bleeding for twelve years .
She came close behind Jesus and touched the bottom of his coat .
She was thinking , `` If I can touch his coat , I will be healed . ''
Jesus turned and saw the woman .
He said , `` Be happy , dear woman .
You are made well because you believed . ''
Then the woman was healed .
Jesus continued going with the Jewish leader and went into the leader 's house .
He saw people there who make music for funerals .
And he saw a crowd of people crying loudly .
Jesus said , `` Go away .
The girl is not dead .
She is only sleeping . ''
But the people laughed at him .
After the people were put out of the house , Jesus went into the girl 's room .
He held the girl 's hand , and the girl stood up .
