The fifth angel blew his trumpet .
Then I saw a star fall from the sky to the earth .
The star was given the key to the deep hole that leads down to the bottomless pit .
Then the star opened the hole leading to the pit .
Smoke came up from the hole like smoke from a big furnace .
The sun and sky became dark because of the smoke from the hole .
Then locusts came out of the smoke and went down to the earth .
They were given the power to sting like scorpions .
They were told not to damage the fields of grass or any plant or tree .
They were to hurt only those who did not have God 's mark on their foreheads .
They were not given the power to kill them but only to cause them pain for five months -- pain like a person feels when stung by a scorpion .
During those days people will look for a way to die , but they will not find it .
They will want to die , but death will hide from them .
The locusts looked like horses prepared for battle .
On their heads they wore something that looked like a gold crown .
Their faces looked like human faces .
Their hair was like women 's hair .
Their teeth were like lions ' teeth .
Their chests looked like iron breastplates .
The sound their wings made was like the noise of many horses and chariots hurrying into battle .
The locusts had tails with stingers like scorpions .
The power they had to give people pain for five months was in their tails .
They had a ruler , who was the angel of the bottomless pit .
His name in Hebrew is Abaddon .
In Greek it is Apollyon .
The first terror is now past .
There are still two other terrors to come .
The sixth angel blew his trumpet .
Then I heard a voice coming from the horns on the four corners of the golden altar that is before God .
It said to the sixth angel who had the trumpet , `` Free the four angels who are tied at the great river Euphrates . ''
These four angels had been kept ready for this hour and day and month and year .
The angels were set free to kill a third of all the people on the earth .
I heard how many troops on horses were in their army .
There were 200 , 000 , 000 .
In my vision , I saw the horses and the riders on the horses .
They looked like this : They had breastplates that were fiery red , dark blue , and yellow like sulfur .
The heads of the horses looked like heads of lions .
The horses had fire , smoke , and sulfur coming out of their mouths .
A third of all the people on earth were killed by these three plagues coming out of the horses ' mouths : the fire , the smoke , and the sulfur .
The horses ' power was in their mouths and also in their tails .
Their tails were like snakes that have heads to bite and hurt people .
The other people on earth were not killed by these plagues .
But these people still did not change their hearts and turn away from worshiping the things they had made with their own hands .
They did not stop worshiping demons and idols made of gold , silver , bronze , stone , and wood -- things that can not see or hear or walk .
They did not change their hearts and turn away from killing other people or from their evil magic , their sexual sins , and their stealing .
