Judging from the surface , is there any obvious difference between the character of these left - behind children and non-left - behind children ?
It is hard to tell from the surface .
Why is it so ?
For these children , it depends on how long their parents have been working in the city .
For example , some have just gone for a year , while others have gone for 10 years already .
In this case , um , generally speaking , uh , we did not conduct any psychological testing or comparison in this psychological aspect .
However , many schools and custodians reported that many left - behind children had become very withdrawn .
They had very strange um , um , temperaments .
They did not like to speak .
There was , a child who was in the first year of junior high school .
Um , um , he told us himself that he particularly , um , um , misses his father .
He was very good at school .
However , one time we visited him , his um , family told us that he was second in his class in his examination .
After that , he became extremely , extremely , annoyed .
Um , um , um , his language and other things became very strange .
Um , um , we also asked his um , um , grandparents who had custody of him .
They said that when his father was home , he would always encourage him and um , exchange with him .
Um , of course , it was not necessarily because his parents worked in the city .
However , for some left - behind children , their parents working in the city has caused some psychological abnormalities and unusual development .
This situation indeed exists .
After all , these are families whose love is inadequate and incomplete .
I believe love is especially important .
Children need love from the time they are small .
We have to understand our Chinese saying , " The child is father to the man . "
What it says is that the character that children form at a very young age will affect their entire life .
Only children who are loved and who realize the importance of love since they are young will be able to love other people in the future .
This is the case .
Therefore , for this type , um , um , um , this group of left - behind children , psychologically , they do not have family love .
Um , , if the parents work in the city , these children perhaps will not receive timely attention when they encounter many difficulties at home .
Perhaps the neighbors around are all facing different realities and can not offer them timely love .
Under this situation , I believe , I am not sure , um , I am unwilling to imagine what mentality and character these children will develop when they grow up .
Will they believe there is love in society or not ?
Will they think that love is important in society or not , because they have never experienced it .
They have never completely experienced it .
Thus , if such a large group in society does not realize that love should be , um , given or received in society , I think this is , something that I do not want to imagine .
Despite the guarantee in food , clothing , and school that left - behind children get because their parents work in the city to make money , they do not have the psychological and physiological satisfaction that they require .
According to the survey , more than half of the left - behind children were dissatisfied with their current life .
58 percent of the left - behind children believed that they were unhappy .
Are the parents worried about leaving their children at home by themselves ?
Do they understand the living conditions of their children at home ?
They thought that this was a reality that they could not um , um , face .
They were condemned to this reality .
No doubt , I think some , um , parents have not had such profound consideration .
Why do n't they ?
I believe people are all the same .
If they face such an urgent need for a livelihood , their first consideration will be the need for a livelihood .
They can not consider the deeper issue of children 's safety and psychology when their livelihood has not been solved , satisfied , and guaranteed .
For example , there were two sisters who lived in a cave dwelling in Shaanxi province .
Many people whom we interviewed lived in cave dwellings .
Once there was a flood .
, these sisters stayed in the cave dwelling to look after the home !
This happened in the rural area .
These two children were looking after the home .
Their uncle saved them when the flood was almost past their bellies .
Their father called later to see if they were fine .
The family told him that they were fine .
He did not come back after that .
He did not come back to check if everything was fine .
I believe the reason he did not return was that he would ponder whether he should return or not .
